Sound on Earth travels through vibrations in the air. But in outer space, there is no air for sound to travel. Since the moon has no atmosphere, there is no breeze to slowly erase footprints. They exist in a vacuum. If the sun were like an empty ball, you could fit 1.3 million Earths inside. This is only the case when the moon is at apogee – aka the farthest point from Earth. You can see a great breakdown here. It has been estimated that there could be 1000 billion billion stars in the observable universe, based on a couple of assumptions about galaxy size and distribution. The reason why we can't see the whole universe is because some parts are too far away from Earth. Their light hasn't had enough time since the Big Bang to reach us. Jupiter's Great Red Spot is about twice the size of Earth. The storm has been raging for over a century. WE ARE SOOOOO SMOL. The planet has been dubbed the "vacuum cleaner of the solar system", because its gravitational force eats up asteroids or comets that are nearby, stopping them from colliding with Earth. Due to low pressure, the boiling point of your bodily fluids decreases below your body's normal temperature, which is about 37 degrees celsius. This means your fluids will start to form gas bubbles and you will swell up – but you won't explode, because human skin is super stretchy. This is because your body would have used up all the oxygen by this point. Oh, and if you tried to hold your breath, your lungs would rupture. This is scientifically known as "spaghettification", and happens when "the gravity wants to sort of stretch you in one direction and squeeze you in another," according to Joe Polchinski, a physicist at the University of California, Santa Barbara. You however, would continue past the event horizon to your inevitable death. Light takes so long to reach Earth that by the time we see the light from the stars, years have passed. The exact time depends on how far away the star is. The faster you move, the slower time