His first week on the job, Florida’s new Republican governor made a surprise announcement. In sharp contrast to the previous administration, Ron DeSantis signed an executive order with a host of new environmental policies, including spending more on Everglades restoration, appointing a chief science officer, moving to ban fracking and offshore drilling, and creating a resiliency office to prepare the coasts for rising seas. “This is action that was requested regardless of your party,” DeSantis said at a press conference in Sarasota announcing the news. “I think this is something that can unite all Floridians.” The bold policy, praised by several environmental groups, is part of a flurry of environmental commitments coming from governors this year, including in swing states like Florida and New Mexico. “This is a top priority of this administration,” New Mexico’s new governor, Michelle Lujan Grisham, told BuzzFeed News. “We should be known as the clean energy state. It brings high-paying, productive, green jobs.” Speaking with BuzzFeed News, she pledged to create a comprehensive plan to tackle the climate crisis, curb the state’s high methane emissions from oil and gas production, and make sure New Mexico schools teach climate science. Maine Gov. Janet Mills, another Democrat who replaced a Republican in November, has pledged to withdraw her state from a coalition of governors that supports offshore drilling. And just this Wednesday, Illinois’ new Democratic governor, J.B. Pritzker, signed an executive order adding his state to a group devoted to meeting the US goal of the Paris climate agreement, called the US Climate Alliance. “Every day there’s a new announcement,” Bill Holland, state policy director at the League of Conservation Voters (LCV), told BuzzFeed News. “We’re incredibly enthusiastic about the commitments governors are making all across the nation to really take on climate leadership.” At least nine governors, in the lead-up to the midterms, signed the L