Desiree Haight, who lives in Calgary, Canada, has been smoking pot for a good chunk of her 46 years. She doesn't use marijuana every day, but if she's home, she might go through a few grams. Medically, you could call her a chronic user. It was enough of a part of her life that when she developed crippling nausea and relentless vomiting, she had no reason to think pot was the problem. The first time it got really bad was in 2005, Haight told BuzzFeed News. The nausea was overwhelming. "It just grips you like fog — there’s no way out of it," she said. "You retch probably 30, 40 times a day minimum." The vomiting was very particular, accompanied with a deep, guttural sound. "It's kind of like a scream and a vomit together. It doesn’t really stop." She ended up hospitalized for three months and lost so much weight she was down to just 96 pounds. "They basically said I was crazy at the end of it. They said I was stuck in a fight-or-flight loop," she said. Stranger still was that only hot showers brought relief of her symptoms. She said she'd find herself crawling to the shower, barely able to function. "The only thing that makes you feel better is hot water," she said. "As soon as that hot water hits you, it’s over, you could run a marathon." Last November, Haight found herself in the hospital once again with her mysterious illness. "The first thing is the doctor asked [was] do hot showers bring me relief," she said. He also asked if she smoked cannabis. And the doctor knew right away what he was dealing with. Dr. Joseph Habboushe, a clinical associate professor of emergency medicine at NYU Langone Health in New York, happens to study this condition. (Although he didn't treat Haight.) He told BuzzFeed News that the pot-related condition has symptoms that include recurring bouts of terrible nausea, vomiting, and cramps. The name, cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome, essentially means cannabis vomiting syndrome. Doctors are usually able to diagnosis it by the patient's histor