Cocaine overdoses, killing about 15,000 people a year, now exceed those from opioid painkiller pills, according to US death certificate data. Methamphetamine deaths are surging just behind them, now estimated at around 11,000 annually. The increase in fatal stimulant drug overdoses marks what experts are calling a “fourth wave” in the decadeslong US overdose crisis. “It’s not your father’s drug market anymore,” former CDC epidemiologist Jon Zibbell of RTI International in Research Triangle Park in North Carolina told BuzzFeed News. “What we are really seeing is people now using multiple drugs, and stronger synthetic drugs of all kinds.” More than 70,000 people a year die of drug overdoses in the US, far more than are killed by car crashes, guns, or AIDS at the height of the crisis in the 1990s. The staggering number of deaths is the culmination of an epidemic that started two decades ago with opioid painkillers, followed by heroin a decade later. More recently, the epidemic has been fueled by the potent synthetic opioid fentanyl. Fentanyl and its variants remain the leading cause of drug overdose deaths nationwide, killing about 30,000 people yearly, followed by heroin, which kills more than 15,000. But cocaine and methamphetamine, both stimulants, are catching up to heroin and other opioids as causes of death in provisional CDC statistics, growing by roughly 250% since the start of 2015. Mixed with other drugs, or taken alone in more potent forms, they will likely worsen the already terrible US overdose epidemic, a national public health emergency that until now has been driven by opioids. A December report from the National Drug Early Warning System (NDEWS), for example, reported increases in drug overdose deaths with both fentanyl and cocaine present in Philadelphia, New York, and the state of Maine, compared to 2017. In Huntington, West Virginia, “fentanyl and methamphetamine are now the most commonly co-occurring drugs found in overdose death cases,” Michael Ki