Plogging is a fitness trend that originated in Sweden (because of course) and means to pick up litter while jogging. Erik Ahlström, an avid skier and trail runner, coined the term (originally plogga, as it is still known in other parts of the world). It’s a combination of “jogging” and “plocka upp,” which is Swedish for “pick up.” In English, the mashup conveniently aligns with the “p” and “l” in “pick up litter.” Despite what autocorrect tries to insist, it has nothing to do with blogging. Ahlström dates his organized plogging to 2016, but the movement seemed to gather steam globally in 2018. Thanks to some media coverage of Ahlström’s organized events, plogging Instagram and Facebook accounts sprang up around the world. It’s something many civic-minded walkers and outdoors enthusiasts had been doing long before it became a hashtag. The most famous is probably acclaimed humor writer David Sedaris, whose community named a garbage truck after him in 2014 for his roadside litter-picking habit — a side effect he said of trying to log more steps on his Fitbit. Now the plogging movement has “reached all continents,” Ahlström told BuzzFeed News from New Zealand, where he was on a “plogging tour” to spread awareness and popularize the trend. (He acknowledged that maybe it hasn’t quite caught on in Antarctica...yet.) Ultra runner Ripu Daman, 31, who said he was dubbed “India’s first plogger,” told BuzzFeed News, “I and some of my friends have been cleaning up for years but at an individual level and then decided to start a group called My City, My Responsibility. And when we saw this cool term for clean-up called plogging, we basically rebranded ourselves to Ploggers of India last year with a vision to make India a country of ploggers.” The #plogging and #plogga hashtags are used by all kinds of people who combine exercise with picking up trash, including runners, walkers, hikers, cyclists, and even paddleboarders — like Mari Laitinen, a 37-year-old Finnish event manager wh