It's sleek, USB-shaped, and everywhere right now. Often called the iPhone of e-cigs, the Juul has become the It vape. The battery-powered device heats a liquid, which comes inside cartridges called Juul pods, into a vapor that you inhale. The pods are sold in flavors like mango or mint, and they deliver a hit of nicotine similar to a cigarette but without the burning or smoke — which also makes it easy to use the device indoors.  The Juul is intended to be a safer alternative to combustible cigarettes, but the qualities that make it attractive for adult smokers — the easy-to-use design, yummy flavors, and efficient nicotine delivery — have also made it a hit among young people, including those who weren't smokers originally. Research has shown that some teens may not even realize they're vaping nicotine. In 2018, the FDA declared youth vaping an "epidemic" and started cracking down on retailers selling the Juul to minors.  Nicotine is addictive no matter how you consume it — via a cigarette, snuff, vape, etc. However, some argue that Juul's patented nicotine salt formula — which provides a potent dose of nicotine but is supposedly less harsh on the throat — may make it particularly addictive. While the Juul may help adults switch from cigarettes, some experts worry that it could set up young people and nonsmokers for a lifelong nicotine addiction, BuzzFeed News previously reported. But what do people who use the Juul — and have tried to quit — actually think? Nicotine addiction is very real, and quitting can be a difficult and frustrating process. It can lead to nicotine withdrawal, which can include unpleasant emotional and physical symptoms. Some people may need to use nicotine replacement therapy (NCT) — such as gum, patches, or inhalers — to kick their habit for good.  In this post, you'll hear from people who use or used the Juul regularly, and what it is like trying to stop.  These stories do not represent all people who currently use or have used the Juul, an