What exactly is Dry January? That's when you swear off drinking for the month, sort of like a mini New Year's resolution. It got its start as a public health campaign started by the UK-based charity Alcohol Concern UK in 2012.  The group says that over 100,000 people signed up for Dry January in 2018 and 4 million took part, and the trend seems to be gaining in popularity each year. So why do people do Dry January? For some it's a way to cut back after drinking more than the usual amount of alcohol over the holidays. For others, it's more like a test of will — is it doable? Still others suspect they might have a problematic relationship with alcohol and want to find out if that's true. If you are doing a Dry January, or thinking about it, here's everything you need to know about having an alcohol-free month. In an online survey funded by Alcohol Concern UK, a University of Sussex researcher asked people who registered for Dry January in 2018 about their drinking habits at the time of registration, the first week in February, and in August.  About 800 people responded in August, and they said their drinking after January fell from an average of 4.3 drinks per week to 3.3 drinks per week. They also drank less per drinking session — 7.1 drinks compared to 8.6 before doing Dry January. And they said they got drunk less often — an average of 2.1 times per month compared with 3.4 times per month. The survey included people who attempted Dry January, but did not necessarily abstain for the entire month. Picture this — you're at the bar with your friends, getting your bills. While everyone fishes out their credit cards, you slap down $10 for a couple of sodas and a nice tip. It's a nice feeling. In the online survey, 88% of people said they saved money. Nice! Dr. George F. Koob is the director of the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism. He told BuzzFeed News that you should pay attention to how your body feels during the month, because it will tell you a lot 