Apparently, there’s nothing my body loves more than starting a new year off by coming down with the flu. Last January, I stayed in bed for almost two weeks, and it did weird things to my head: I was sick and bored and actually angry at my body. I devoted so much headspace to feeling weak and pathetic that I started to give in to the fear that maybe I was a weak and pathetic person. Even when I started to regain my energy, I couldn’t bring myself to hit the gym or even venture outside for a brisk, mind-clearing walk. I knew I needed to quiet my mind. So instead, I turned to my favorite yoga class — or I should say yoga videos on YouTube: Yoga With Adriene. I first came across Yoga With Adriene when I moved to New York a few years ago. I remember feeling freaked out by the cultish commitment my athletic friends and new coworkers had for fancy, expensive-sounding workout classes and boutique fitness studios. As someone who had never done a pull-up in my life, I couldn’t imagine having the time, money, or overall athletic skill to have that kind of routine.So, I signed up for a $30-a-month budget gym around the corner, but even there, I was too intimidated to use anything but the most accessible-looking treadmill. That’s why, when I was mindlessly searching on YouTube one day, it was so alluring to think about trying this whole yoga thing from the safety of my 7-by-10 bedroom. After watching my first yoga video, reassuringly titled Yoga For Complete Beginners, I immediately ordered a yoga mat online. I was hooked. Here was an extremely doable set of mostly stretching moves that even I could handle. What’s more, I didn’t have to deal with a punitive reservation system or judgy gym rats to do it. I could figure out how to move my body without feeling idiotic, embarrassed, or overextended. The instructor, Adriene Mishler, had a Leighton Meester–like grin and calming, ASMR-y voice that sometimes delightfully lapsed into a Texan twang when she went off-script. She was a welc