What exactly is diet culture? It's an insidious and pervasive way of thinking about body size that assigns a moral virtue to some types of bodies (namely smaller) and types of food, but not others.  Food becomes "good" or "bad" and eating certain kinds will trigger negative feelings, like guilt and regret (or so diet culture would have it).  People are reduced to body parts that need to be "fixed" rather than whole, beautiful people. Food is turned into a collection of calories to largely be avoided. And exercise becomes a tool to try achieve an often unattainable body type rather than something joyful or empowering. If you're hoping to get fit in the new year, that's great! There's nothing inherently wrong with wanting to change your body or feel better. But keep in mind that diet culture can perpetuate awful messages about weight, diet, wellness, and how we should feel about our bodies. In 2019, let's all just say "no thanks" to diet culture. The following phrases aren't doing you, or anyone else, any good. They can be harmful in terms of how you feel about your body or affect the people around you, especially children and teens who are still forming a relationship with food. Fat isn't a feeling. It's a description. Some people even describe themselves as fat in an empowering way.  When you say, "I feel fat," when you really mean you feel bad, or gross, you're saying that being fat is inherently bad or gross. And that's not very kind either to yourself or to others. If what you really mean is "I feel like I've gained weight," consider that diet culture wants you to feel as bad as possible about it. So don't let it. Take a breath, remember that weight gain isn't the end of the world, and decide how you want to address it, if at all. Instead, try: "I don't feel good about my body today." Diet culture tells us that losing weight is a good thing, no matter how it's done. But that's just not true. If someone in your life has lost weight, it could be due to depression, 