And you had all kinds of inspiring answers. For some of you, it was learning to love yourself as you are, or throwing out the scale. For others, it meant eating right, exercising, and shedding pounds. For some it even meant more permanent changes, like surgery. There's no one right way to love your body, and everyone's journey to body positivity is their own. This list isn't meant to encourage any particular method, but to show the many ways we learn to love the skin we're in. Maybe one or two will inspire you to make a change, make a promise to love yourself as you are, or find a whole new way to embrace yourself in the new year. "I’ve always hated my chest, so this summer I got a small sternum tattoo. I also got my nipples pierced. Now I don’t cringe every time i look at my chest. Instead I see a beautiful piece of art and some nice jewelry." —cherielovee "I've gotten a couple small tattoos over the years, but they're in places that are harder for me to see. I finally found the right artist and got a couple larger pieces I've been wanting: one from my right hip to my right armpit, and the other on my left thigh. When I look down at my body or at myself in the mirror — no matter how I feel about my rolls or pimples or rashes or stray hairs — even if I'm having a bad day — there are always beautiful, colorful things to see. And how could I not love that?" —melissan40168c557 "I stopped looking in the mirror while wearing bathing suits. I bought suits I thought were cute, and fit me, and did not spend hours analyzing every lump and bump — instead I just wore them and assumed I looked fine. It did incredible things for my self-esteem." —Maggie L "I just said 'fuck it' and bought that bikini I was too scared to buy. I don't get a ton of chances to go to the beach, but strutting my shit in that bathing suit made me feel soooo good. I hadn't worn one since I was a little bitty kid. Was I super skinny with a flat tummy? Heck no! Some teenage girl made a comment once, I cou