The partial US government shutdown has claimed a victim at the edge of the solar system — NASA's commentary on one of its own probes flying past the most distant object ever visited by a spacecraft. The event will still be broadcast, but the agency will largely be on the sidelines for its big show. NASA's New Horizons spacecraft will zip past the tiny frozen world called 2014 MU69 (better known by its nickname as Ultima Thule) at 12:33 a.m. ET on Jan. 1. Only about 22 miles wide, Ultima Thule is thought to be a pristine remnant of the comet belt beyond Pluto some 4 billion miles from the sun. Everyone in science will be watching the long-awaited encounter — except for the space agency itself. Federal furlough rules forbid some NASA employees from attending the festivities. Never fear, though — there will be scientific commentary on the event. The spacecraft's operators at Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) in Laurel, Maryland, have posted a "Where to Watch" schedule of programs and links on the mission website, for coverage that starts on Friday, Dec. 28. The lab, which operates the far-flung mission, will also report news on Twitter and have live coverage of events on its YouTube Channel. And late on Thursday, NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine announced in a response to complaints that NASA had funding to continue tweeting flyby events and cover briefings on NASA TV. BuzzFeed News calls to NASA public affairs officials responsible for the mission referred questions to APL on voicemail, citing the partial government shutdown. Launched in 2006, New Horizons is best known for taking the first close-up views of Pluto and its moon Charon in 2015. Ultima Thule is some 100 million miles deeper in space than that dwarf planet, and the first data from the 31,000 mph flyby will take some eight hours to reach Earth. High-resolution images from the event will likely become available in February if the flyby's complicated choreography of steering rockets