This year, with deadly wildfires in California and damaging hurricanes in North Carolina and Florida, it got even harder for Americans to deny the inevitable forces of climate change.  The world has as little as 12 years to get our act together, according to the newest report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. And at the year’s biggest climate talks in Poland, countries failed to come up with new plans to tackle the problem.  When a dire report put together by the US government, the Fourth National Climate Assessment, said global warming would likely lead to a major economic recession, President Trump said, “I don’t believe it.” (Perhaps not surprising, tax filings from 2016 revealed that the Mercer family, conservative megadonors, funded climate denial groups.)  Meanwhile, the Trump administration rolled back a whole lot of climate and environment rules. A long, but incomplete list: The administration ended rules to curb coal plant pollution, car and truck pollution, and methane leaks; restricted the use of scientific studies in its decision-making; and loosened safety rules for trains carrying oil and offshore drilling. If you’re thinking about how and whether to take on a 30-year mortgage with these changes looming, BuzzFeed News made interactive maps to help you see how sea level rise or wildfires might affect your home in 2050. Celebrity astrophysicist and TV star Neil deGrasse Tyson. Celebrity atheist and Arizona State University physicist Lawrence Krauss. Salk Institute cancer biologist Inder Verma. University of California, Santa Cruz philosopher Gopal Balakrishnan. Vanderbilt neuroscientist David Sweatt. Columbia neuroscientist Thomas Jessell. New York University surgeon Mark Adelman. Dartmouth neuroscience professors Todd Heatherton, William Kelley, and Paul Whalen. And more. Preliminary data from the CDC suggests that around 50,000 people will have died this year from opioid overdoses. The crisis has driven an HIV outbreak and is a signif