Climate change is creeping onto the list of airport miseries, with rising seas and storm surges threatening some of the nation’s busiest runways over the next century. “A lot of our major airports are in low-lying coastal areas,” Jennifer Jacobs, the lead author on the transportation chapter in the Fourth National Climate Assessment, told BuzzFeed News. “They are right there at the front line.” Unfortunately, taking action is not easy or cheap. “You can’t just move an airport, and it’s difficult to raise it,” said Jacobs. Back in 2012, the Federal Aviation Administration identified 13 major airports with runways at risk of moderate to high storm surge and rising seas, spanning nine states and territories (California, Florida, Hawaii, New Orleans, New York, New Jersey, Philadelphia, Puerto Rico, and Virginia). That was the same year Superstorm Sandy put the Northeast on notice — Sandy was a historic storm that triggered flooding at the three major airports serving New York City: LaGuardia, JFK, and Newark. Of those three, LaGuardia was the worst hit by Sandy — and faces perhaps the biggest risk on the East Coast in the long term. According to a Climate Central analysis, even in a world that takes moderate emissions reductions, LaGuardia is largely in the so-called “risk zone” for annual flooding from rising seas by 2050. Other cities not impacted by Sandy also saw that storm as a wake-up call. “Our efforts were really driven by Hurricane Sandy,” said Peter DeBruin, climate mitigation and resiliency manager for the Massachusetts Port Authority, which oversees Boston Logan International Airport. If that storm had veered farther north, DeBruin said, Boston would have been impacted. The very next year Boston Logan International Airport started studying its climate vulnerabilities, and in 2014 started raising and waterproofing some of its facilities. One of its top priorities now is preparing the airport for the present-day worst-case scenario, which according to DeBruin 