It’s not just you — people are prone to moods during the holidays, and more than half feel some stress and fatigue during the final weeks of the year. “The holiday blues are real,” said Elaine Rodino, a psychologist in private practice in State College, Pennsylvania. Travel, dealing with family, and spending money are among the top reasons some people feel less than jolly over the holidays. It’s typically not clinical depression, Rodino said — more of a malaise or dread over the storybook moments of Christmas: shopping, the family dinner, and opening presents. “If one were to devise an experimental set of circumstances which would test the integrity of an individual’s mood control, one would invent the year-end holiday season,” wrote psychiatrist Jonathan Himmelhoch of the Western Psychiatric Institute and Clinic nearly four decades ago in a report on the holiday blues, calling such feelings a predictable, genuine reaction to the season. “You may find yourself fighting over the remote with a sibling you haven’t seen in a year,” psychologist Pauline Wallin, author of Taming Your Inner Brat: A Guide for Transforming Self-Defeating Behavior, told BuzzFeed News. “Of course it is not about the remote, but power and competition, and the feelings around sibling rivalry.” “Have a plan for dealing with it,” she advised. If you know one relative is going to be a problem, for example, think ahead on how you want to deal with them to feel better about yourself at the end of the holiday, perhaps by watching a movie or spending time with the nieces and nephews instead of joining a family argument. “Emotional detachment is bad for resolving conflicts in close relationships, but for getting through short-term ones, it’s not a bad solution,” she said. Imagine you are watching a movie of people arguing (“or Mike Pence watching the president argue,” she joked) instead of jumping in the middle of the long-running family dispute. “And if you can feel compassion for that grumpy uncle who