The holidays are supposed to be about family, friends, and fun — but sometimes the cheer can take a turn towards complete chaos. Between the winter weather, home decorating, candle lighting, and booze-filled parties, there are plenty of opportunities for things to go wrong.  Each year, there's an influx of emergency room visits related to everything from stringing up lights to opening gifts and cooking holiday treats. According to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), there were 18,400 holiday decorating-associated injuries seen in emergency rooms from November 2016 through January 2017. The most common injuries were falls (38%), lacerations (14%), and strains or sprains (18%). During the holiday season, there are about 200 decorating-related injuries each day, according to CPSC Acting Chairman Ann Marie Buerkle. We hope their stories serve as cautionary tales so you can stay safe — and emergency room staff can enjoy a night off — over the holidays.  (Although, of course, there are plenty of unavoidable accidents, injuries, and health events that can happen too.) I was making my Christmas tree by gluing ornaments to a peg board on my wall and accidentally hot glued an ornament to my fingers! This resulted in 2nd degree burns right on my fingertips and a hefty urgent care bill. It was totally worth it, though, because my cat-proof tree is beautiful and I’ll always have an entertaining Christmas story!  —jacielouvierea Since we didn’t have snow, my cousins and I tried to sled down our grandparents' stairs in a plastic box. My cousin went first and fell out about halfway down breaking her elbow, wrist, and two fingers before crashing into a table that had a fancy vase on top, which ended up falling on her head. What was in the vase? My great grandmother's ashes. —babyblubell9 It happened to my sister's boyfriend. Let’s call him Dean. On Christmas Eve many years ago, Dean drank an entire case of beer that afternoon and passed out. We didn't know he drank t