The Trump administration on Wednesday took the wraps off a long-awaited multi-agency plan to better protect children from toxic lead. The plan would “enhance our efforts to reduce lead contamination especially in areas where it presents a serious and urgent threat to children,” acting EPA administrator Andrew Wheeler said at a press conference. He said the EPA would develop an agency-specific plan to implement suggestions from the report by March 2019. Wheeler was joined by Ben Carson, secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Eric Hargan, deputy secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. Carson said he was familiar with the harms of lead contamination from his past work as a pediatric neurosurgeon. As HUD chief, he said, he is “committed to making sure our department’s resources reach the doors of high-risk American families at the prevention stage — long before their children are exposed to dangerous chemicals, for which they might later need a cure.” Lead is a neurotoxin and accumulates in the teeth and bones. It is particularly harmful to young children whose brains are still developing, and can lead to behavioral problems, learning disabilities, and decreased intelligence in children even at blood levels once considered low. The CDC and World Health Organization have both declared that there is no safe level of lead in the blood. In the US, children continue to be exposed to lead from paint, soil, and drinking water running through lead pipes, so health and environmental groups have been clamoring for policy changes. But some environmental groups criticized the new plan as toothless. “Talk is fine, but we need action,” Erik Olson, senior director of Health and Food for the Natural Resources Defense Council, said in a statement. The group pointed out that the agencies had yet to commit to enforcement actions or regulatory changes and had not proposed a timeline for achieving the suggested goals. The new plan “lacks the meas