Google is marketing apps to kids that share personal data with third parties, show manipulative ads, and are rife with creepy images — from graphic plucking of eyelashes to rubbing oil on scantily clad pregnant women — according to a new review. In a 99-page letter sent to the Federal Trade Commission on Wednesday, the Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood and 21 other child advocacy groups argue that the government should investigate Google for misrepresenting these apps as safe for families. Two Democratic lawmakers, Sen. Tom Udall and Rep. David Cicilline, also support the letter. “Google doesn’t really have any incentive to clean up its own app store,” said Josh Golin, executive director of the CCFC, because app makers give Google 30% of the revenue for every app purchase and in-app purchase. “The things that are concerning and problematic, they actually profit off of.” Apple’s App Store lists some of the same apps, though it has stricter rules for those allowed in its “Kids” category. And Google has done little to address the problem, Golin said, despite getting public heat since April. That’s when a large study by researchers at UC Berkeley revealed that thousands of apps distributed by Google may violate the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), a federal law that restricts companies from collecting and tracking personal information from kids under 13. Google requires that all of its child-directed apps comply with COPPA and apply for inclusion in its “Designed for Families” program, which has stricter guidelines around ads and content. “We regularly monitor, review and take down apps from Google Play,” a Google spokesperson told BuzzFeed News by email. “We’ve removed thousands of apps from DFF this year alone when we found a policy violation.” But the new review suggests that many apps sneak into the program despite breaking Google’s own rules. Working with one of the Berkeley researchers, the CCFC identified 84 apps in the Designed for Famili