While binge drinking, cigarette smoking, and opioid abuse have declined among teens in the US in recent years, there's been an alarming spike in vaping, according to a new study. And many teens may not even know they're vaping highly addictive nicotine. These findings were published in Monitoring the Future, an ongoing surveillance study of US teens in the 8th, 10th, and 12th grades. It's conducted by researchers at the University of Michigan's Institute for Social Research, who asked approximately 44,000 high school students about their substance use in the past 30 days.  "It's representative of the entire population of high school students in the US," Wilson Compton, deputy director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse, which funds the study, told BuzzFeed News. And for this generation, vaping has skyrocketed.  The percentage of 12th-graders who reported vaping nicotine in the past 30 days nearly doubled in a year, jumping from 11% to 21% from 2017 to 2018 — which translates into at least 1.3 million additional teens vaping nicotine, according to the report. This is the largest year-to-year increase of any substance used by adolescents in the 44 years the survey has existed, Richard Miech, principal investigator of the study, told BuzzFeed News. Miech's findings on teen vaping trends were also published in the New England Journal of Medicine.  There was some good news, however. Cigarette smoking has been on the decline for two decades, and the use of alcohol and other drugs, such as opioids, was down — binge drinking decreased among teens to 14% in 2018. Vaping is the act of inhaling a vapor that is produced by an e-cigarette or another device that heats liquid into an aerosol. This liquid, often called "e-liquid" or "vape juice," contains a variety of chemicals, flavorings, and often (but not always) nicotine, a highly addictive substance that affects the brain. You can also vape marijuana, which is increasingly popular among high schoolers, according to the r