Measles is a highly contagious disease that causes respiratory symptoms and a whole-body skin rash. Since the introduction of the measles vaccine in 1963, global measles deaths have decreased significantly, according to the World Health Organization (WHO), but outbreaks remain a problem in many parts of the world. And in 2018, measles cases hit a record high in Europe.  More people in Europe were infected with measles during the first six months of 2018 than during any other year in the past decade, according to the WHO regional office for Europe. Over 41,000 children and adults have been infected with measles since January, and 37 people have died. Previously, the highest total number of cases in Europe was 23,927 in 2017, BuzzFeed News previously reported. Seven countries reported over 1,000 cases, including travel hotspots like France and Italy. Ukraine was hit the hardest, with over 23,000 measles cases, and Serbia reported the highest number of measles-related deaths (14) out of any country. Measles is spread through contact with an infected person or their respiratory secretions, which are produced through coughing and sneezing. It can be prevented with the MMR vaccine. A drop in vaccination rates is behind many measles outbreaks. About 40% of people in France incorrectly believe vaccinations are unsafe, as do 25% of people in the Ukraine, BuzzFeed News previously reported. The Nipah virus (NiV) is a rare infectious disease with no vaccine or cure, and a case fatality rate of up to 75%. Early symptoms include a fever, vomiting, and mental confusion. Nipah can cause a respiratory infection that leads to pneumonia, or it can cause inflammation of the brain (encephalitis), which may lead to seizures, a coma, or death.  In May of 2018, a deadly outbreak of Nipah virus was reported in the Kozhikode district of Kerala, a state on India's Malabar coast. It was the first outbreak of Nipah virus in south India, according to the WHO, and there were a total of 19 cases a