NEW DELHI — Three Pakistani teenagers are the latest members of Gen Z to try to save the world, taking their government to court over dangerous levels of air pollution that blankets the country every year. Mishael Hyat, 17, Leila Alam, 13, and Laiba Siddiqi, 18, have accused the government of Punjab of violating their right to life and health by underreporting the severity of Lahore’s polluted air. The teenagers filed a petition with the Lahore High Court on Tuesday with their complaints, aided by Alam’s father, Ahmad Rafay Alam, who’s serving as their lawyer.Rafay told BuzzFeed News that he realized the pollution emergency Pakistanis were facing when he watched a video on Facebook, in which an interviewer went to a classroom in Lahore and asked any children who were sick to raise their hands. “It was heartbreaking. More than 90% of them were sick and had a family member that was ill because of the air too,” he said. (He was unable to relocate the video to share it with BuzzFeed News.) The air pollution emergency in Pakistan and India has become an annual event that lasts from October to January, owing in part to the burning of stubble crop by farmers in the North Indian states of Punjab and Haryana, and Pakistan’s general industrial, agricultural, and transportation practices. Warmer temperatures as a result of climate change mean that the smog hovers over this region, growing and stagnating. The situation has led to New Delhi declaring a public health emergency — schools were closed and planes were unable to land because of the pollution. Exposure to one specific type of pollution — a fine, deadly bit of matter suspended in the air, known as PM 2.5 — accounts for 1.24 million deaths in India annually, and increases the chances of contracting heart and lung diseases. Evidence suggests that pollution also leads to stunted brain development in children. The petition includes a report from Lahore’s Children’s Hospital, which states that the medical center has seen a t