New gun sales have risen sharply in Brazil’s Amazon region under far-right President Jair Bolsonaro, according to official figures reviewed by BuzzFeed News. The Amazon has long had high rates of violence due in large part to conflicts over land. Illegal deforestation has also spiked dramatically since Bolsonaro took office and weakened environmental agencies, leading to the devastating fires in the rainforest this summer that caused a global outcry. BuzzFeed News’ analysis suggests that gun sales are increasing in the Amazon states at a faster rate than the rest of the country under Bolsonaro, whose family has ties to the US’s National Rifle Association. He has made loosening Brazil’s strict gun control laws one of his top priorities since taking office in January, echoing the NRA’s argument that guns are the best defense from crime for law-abiding citizens. Government records show that if current trends continue through the end of 2019, new gun sales in the Amazon will be 33% higher than they were in 2018, while in the rest of Brazil, new guns are being sold at about the same rate as last year. In more than half of the Amazon states, more guns were sold in the first eight months of this year than in all of 2018. Across the Amazon states, home to 29 million people, 5,270 guns were sold in the first eight months of 2019, up from 4,801 in all of last year. Across the rest of Brazil, where around 180 million people live, 30,739 guns were sold between January and August this year, compared to 42,890 sold in the whole of 2018. These records were originally obtained through a freedom of information request by the Brazilian public security think tank the Igarapé Institute and shared with BuzzFeed News. Brazil’s Congress is due to take up sweeping new gun legislation this week. The data analyzed by BuzzFeed News is not a comprehensive look at all the guns in circulation in Brazil but does provide important clues to how Bolsonaro’s policies have transformed gun ownership si