Massachusetts filed suit against ExxonMobil on Thursday, claiming the oil giant misled investors about the risk climate change posed to its business and deceived consumers about the oil company’s role in contributing to the climate crisis. Massachusetts follows New York’s lead is suing the world’s largest investor-owned oil and gas company for climate fraud. While the New York case, which went to trial this week, is specific to how the company allegedly misled investors on climate, the Massachusetts complaint is much broader. “ExxonMobil is misrepresenting and failing to disclose to its investors the climate risks that the world and ultimately its business faces,” Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey wrote in a legal complaint filed Thursday in state Superior Court against ExxonMobil. “And in its consumer marketing materials, ExxonMobil now falsely holds itself out as a leader in finding climate solutions, all while pursuing record levels of fossil fuel production, sales, and profits.” In response to the suit, Exxon spokesperson Scott Silvestri called the move a “baseless complaint” following a “politically motivated investigation." "We look forward to refuting the meritless allegations in court,” Silvestri told BuzzFeed News by email. The Massachusetts attorney general’s office has been investigating Exxon for more than three years. During the course of the investigation, Exxon sued to stop or delay the probe in Massachusetts, New York, and Texas courts, according to Healey. Exxon’s lawyers have also refused to hand over any documentation or provide any witnesses, Healey said. Consequently, the Massachusetts prosecutors have been forced to investigate the company through other means, including reviewing documents obtained in the New York case. Additional documents could be unearthed in the discovery process of that lawsuit, Healey told BuzzFeed News. “We know this case won’t be easy,” said Healey on a press call. “Exxon fights every effort.” Exxon’s own scie