WASHINGTON — Juul’s competitors are blaming the company for the trouble their industry faces, and say they won’t stop selling flavored nicotine pods, despite the e-cigarette market leader stopping such sales. On Thursday, Juul’s CEO, K.C. Crosthwaite, announced the suspension of sales of mango, creme, fruit, and cucumber flavors (but not mint and menthol flavors also threatened by the Donald Trump administration) in the US. “Given the lack of trust in our industry,” his announcement said, Juul planned to stop sales until the flavors went through an FDA review process to assess their risks to public health. Crosthwaite, a former executive at tobacco company Altria, was recently appointed as CEO of Juul, less than a year after Altria bought a 35% stake in the company. Juul, which owned 75% of the market share for e-cigarettes in 2018, has become largely synonymous with a growing industry for vaporized nicotine products. But its three main competitors have made no moves to pull their own flavored e-cigarettes, and are attempting to distance themselves from the company, which is under federal investigation for marketing to teens. (All of the firms are owned or partly owned by larger tobacco companies.) “Juul should speak for itself,” Michele Maron of Japan Tobacco International USA Inc., the tobacco firm that owns the Logic e-cigarette brand, told BuzzFeed News. “The ‘lack of trust in our industry’ referenced by Juul is a direct result of its deceptive marketing activities. Logic’s responsible practice of marketing and selling high-quality vapor products to adults remains unchanged, including flavored products where allowed.” In September, President Trump said his administration would ban flavored e-cigarettes nationwide. The announcement came days after the FDA sent Juul a warning letter over it marketing its e-cigarettes as a medical tool for smokers to quit without agency approval, and a presentation made by a company representative to a high school that called the d