As health agencies scramble to control a rash of mysterious vaping-related lung injuries, YouTube is playing host to dozens of videos that offer step-by-step instructions on how to make black-market THC vape oil. Some of these videos, which are rife with safety hazards, including the use of potentially harmful chemicals, have been viewed millions of times. The proliferation of the videos underscores the challenge of pinning down the cause, or causes, of the outbreak. Nearly 1,300 lung injuries, including 26 deaths, have been confirmed in every state but Alaska, the CDC said Thursday, and in 76% of cases, patients have reported vaping THC products. Contaminants in the vaping liquids, such as vitamin E acetate used as a “thickener,” have come under suspicion as culprits. “I cannot overstate the seriousness of these lung injuries," Anne Schuchat, principal deputy director of the CDC, said in a news conference on Friday. In response to the outbreak, the CDC and the FDA have urged people to stop vaping THC. "Some new, risky practices in preparation of these materials" may be causing the illnesses, Schuchat added. In 10 videos reviewed by BuzzFeed News, hosts transform cannabis flowers into oils with the help of casserole dishes, spatulas, mason jars, ovens, hair straighteners, and equipment and chemicals bought online. Their how-to guides have drawn audiences in the hundreds of thousands, and as high as 1 or 2 million in some cases. (BuzzFeed News is not linking to these videos in this story.) “We’re going to show you today how to make a marijuana-infused e-liquid, so you can vape it as you would in a normal cigarette,” said a man in a video titled “How To Make Marijuana E-Cig Liquid / E-liquid” (which has received 1.4 million views) on the channel Lets Vape, which has north of 24,000 subscribers and appears to be based in Europe. “Now it’s very simple. We have a kit ready that will make this really, really easy for you.” But the process is in fact complex and can also b