Three scientists have been awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work discovering how cells sense and respond to oxygen, a necessary process for all animal life. William Kaelin of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute at Harvard University, Sir Peter Ratcliffe of Oxford University, and Gregg Semenza of Johns Hopkins University were jointly awarded the prize for their discoveries identifying the molecular machinery enabling cells to respond to varying levels of oxygen. Their research has clinical applications in treating anemia, as well as potentially finding new ways to thwart the growth of tumors in cancer. "These fundamental findings have greatly increased our understanding of how the body adapts to change, and applications of these findings are already beginning to affect the way medicine is practiced," Randall Johnson of Karolinska Institute, who is on the Nobel prize selection committee, said in Stockholm on Monday morning. "This year's three laureates have greatly expanded our knowledge of how physiological response makes life possible." Oxygen powers all animal cells, a necessary ingredient in the process of converting food into usable energy. In 1931, the Nobel Prize was awarded to Otto Warburg, for his research showing that this conversion is an enzymatic process requiring oxygen. What wasn't known was how individual cells sense and respond to fluctuations in oxygen levels. Cells are constantly experiencing changes in oxygen availability, such as when muscles work during exercise, during altitude changes, or even in a localized way when a wound interrupts the local blood supply. Low oxygen levels — also known as hypoxia — trigger a spike in the hormone erythropoietin (EPO), which leads to increased production of red blood cells. The earliest work of the three Nobel Prize winners, by Semenza of Johns Hopkins University, showed that this increase in EPO during hypoxia was due to a specific part of the EPO gene called the hypoxia-response elem