Canadian diplomats with “Havana syndrome” injuries show signs of pesticide poisoning, suggests a new international study, posing an explanation for mysterious long-term neurological ailments striking diplomats from the US and Canada in Cuba. The finding suggests that the Zika virus crisis of 2016 may have inadvertently created the syndrome through excessive fumigation. Fears about the syndrome led to an international diplomatic row, with US diplomat numbers in Havana lowered, and Cuban diplomats expelled from the US in retaliation. The results of the study suggest a compelling explanation for an otherwise bizarre syndrome that has captured international attention for years. But since it’s based only on observational data, the data should be viewed as preliminary, outside experts said. “We actually found a specific brain region that was affected and that was the clue to everything else,” neuroscientist Alon Friedman of Canada’s Dalhousie University told BuzzFeed News of the study he led, leaked last Friday to the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ahead of publication and peer review in a scientific journal. A copy of the study was sent to BuzzFeed News last week by a representative of Ben Gurion University of the Negev, where Friedman also holds an appointment, and reviewed by outside experts over the weekend. “There was a kind of an ‘aha’ moment, when we realized what might damage this part of the brain,” Friedman said. In late 2016, the US State Department reported that its diplomats in Havana began suffering a “health attack,” in the words of then–Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. At least 26 US diplomats and 14 Canadian ones eventually reported symptoms such as dizziness, deafness, difficulty concentrating, and other signs of head injuries, with the last case tallied from Havana in May 2018. Initially linked to “sonic weapons” in news reports, explanations have ranged from a concussion-like syndrome to microwave injuries in limited studies published by doctors wh