What’s causing the explosion in dangerous and deadly lung illnesses among vapers nationwide? While health officials hunt for answers, one leading theory points to a bad ingredient in vaping liquids, perhaps Vitamin E, sold on the street. But some physicians suspect the epidemic has always been there, unnoticed until now. And for others, the culprit might be the online world of dubious home-brew recipes for getting a better high while vaping. “Vaping” is shorthand for inhaling vaporized liquid, usually a mixture of nicotine and oil heated by a battery-powered atomizer in an e-cigarette or larger vaporizer. E-cigarettes have been sold in the US since 2007, with more than 9 million people using them on a regular basis, according to the CDC. More than 3.6 million teens vape, according to the FDA, turning the purpose of a device originally intended to wean smokers off tobacco on its head by making kids dependent on nicotine. On Friday, federal health officials announced the number of possible severe lung illness cases tied to vaping liquids had more than doubled to encompass more than 450 people in 33 states and the Virgin Islands. The outbreak is characterized by severe pneumonia symptoms, shortness of breath, coughing, fever, fatigue, and respiratory failure — sometimes severe enough to require artificial respiration — and has so far affected mostly young people. The reports all started from a handful of cases in two states, Wisconsin and Illinois, announced at the end of July. Five people have died. “While this investigation is ongoing, people should consider not using e-cigarette products,” the CDC’s Dana Meaney-Delman, said at a Friday briefing on the outbreak. As the case numbers zoomed up, the medical mystery behind the epidemic has deepened, with epidemiologists and doctors asking for patience. Unlike more recent outbreaks tied to bad lettuce or the influenza bug, the experts are starting from square one, said Mitch Zeller of the FDA's Center for Tobacco Products