APUÍ, Brazil — Melk Alcântara had just come home and turned on the news when he saw the president suggesting he was responsible for the Amazon being on fire. It was Aug. 21, and there had been more fires in the municipality of Apuí, in the state of Amazonas, than anywhere else in the entire rainforest. Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro responded by telling the world that NGOs might be setting fires deliberately in order to make him look bad, despite a total lack of evidence. "It could be, I'm not saying it was, a criminal action by these NGO guys," Bolsonaro said, blaming NGO employees like Alcântara, who are, in fact, actively working to prevent fires and deforestation. Alcântara, 25, was deeply offended. “We work damn hard,” he told BuzzFeed News. “[Bolsonaro] made an accusation generalizing about all NGOs. Idesam has its work recognized here in Apuí,” said Alcântara, referring to the NGO he has worked for over the last five years since graduating as a forestry technician. According to Brazil’s National Institute for Space Research (INPE), there have been 93,947 fires recorded in the Amazon so far this year. During the same period in 2018, there were 57,968. The sharp rise in fires has triggered global alarm over the environmental impact, as well as a crisis for the Bolsonaro administration, which strongly advocated the development of agribusiness and gold or cassiterite ore exploration in the Amazon. Alcântara was born in Apuí. His parents were farmers who came to the south of Amazonas in the 1980s, encouraged by the government to populate the Amazon and develop agriculture. His parents eventually gave up the land, and Alcântara became a forestry technician to work toward sustainable development in the Amazon. Five years ago, he joined the Institute for Conservation and Sustainable Development of the Amazon (Idesam) as an intern and never left. Six other people work at the offices of Idesam, which has been operating in Apuí for over 10 years and partners with in