The bare minimum of what Democratic presidential candidates want to do to address climate change has radically shifted from the last presidential election. Over a seven-hour CNN town hall on Wednesday, and cumulatively more than 100 pages of policy ideas, the top candidates for the Democratic nomination are each pushing for more sweeping change at a faster rate than Democrats were calling for even just a few months ago. Every leading Democratic presidential candidate has vowed to ensure the US is in the Paris climate agreement, reversing one of President Donald Trump’s most popular promises undercutting climate action. But as New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker put it near midnight Wednesday, making this commitment now is simply “the cost of entry into the race.” At a minimum, every top Democratic candidate now has at least one multipage climate plan — Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren has several — with the main goal of transitioning the US economy to run on clean energy sources, not fossil fuels, and produce net-zero emissions by 2050 at the latest. This means that every top Democratic candidate has committed to making the US, in only a few decades, only generate as many emissions as it can pull from the atmosphere. The fact that every candidate has a 100% clean energy or net-zero target was a consistent through line the unprecedented climate town hall. “That’s a big shift,” Nathaniel Keohane, senior vice president of climate at Environmental Defense Fund, told BuzzFeed News. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in 2016, pledged to “put the country on a path to cut emissions more than 80 percent by 2050.” Under that scenario, the US would still release more emissions on the whole by mid-century. Of the 10 Democrats who qualified for this week’s town hall, most only released their climate plans in recent days. Candidates found unique ways to stand out aside from just their policy specifics. Sen. Kamala Harris implored her Republican colleagues in Congress to “look at 