The top 10 Democrats running for president will go into deep detail Wednesday night on something that could define their presidencies: climate change. During a seven-hour CNN town hall, the candidates will take turns spending 40 minutes talking about the issue. Former housing secretary Julián Castro is the first onstage, at 5 p.m., and New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker is last at 11:20 p.m. Most of the candidates only released detailed climate plans in recent days and weeks, with South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg and California Sen. Kamala Harris releasing plans Wednesday. So this will be the first time that many candidates detail and are questioned about their sweeping proposals in front of a national audience. Although it’s not the climate debate youth activists with the Sunrise Movement and former candidate Washington Gov. Jay Inslee pushed for, the marathon event will offer waaaaaaaay more air time devoted to climate than the past two Democratic primary debates combined. Expect to hear about how climate change is already affecting the US today, from extreme hurricanes to raging wildfires, and how the crisis bleeds into other top issues from health care to immigration. And expect to hear some real differences in how candidates want to try to solve one of the toughest problems facing the planet. Here are some of the biggest questions going into the night: Does anyone want to be the climate candidate? The only person to frame their entire campaign on climate change has dropped out. And while every candidate has a multi-page plan out declaring climate an urgent issue, it remains to be seen who, if anyone, will make this the centerpiece of their campaign going forward. For example, former Texas representative Beto O’Rourke rolled out the first climate plan back in April, proposing $5 trillion in spending to get the US to have net-zero emissions by 2050 at the latest. Now he’s refocused his campaign on gun control, though he still frequently raises the issue of clim