South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg released a new plan to address climate change Wednesday, pitching himself as someone who can bring all Americans together to fight the crisis with ideas that, while not as far-reaching as some other candidates’, could be more feasible. “One thing that I think is different in our approach is, we are really focusing on how to rally Americans on getting this done,” Buttigieg told BuzzFeed News. “I think America always does better when we have a national project, and this is about mobilizing the American people. It’s not just about how dire it is if we fail; it’s about how much pride we can get if we get the job done.” Buttigieg’s new plan, “Mobilizing America: Rising to the Climate Challenge,” proposes to have the US reach net-zero emissions by 2050 at the latest, pour billions into funding federal clean-energy research and development, and create more than 3 million high-paying jobs. He released the plan just in time for Wednesday’s CNN town hall devoted to the issue. He’s one of the 10 Democratic presidential candidates to qualify for both the town hall and the third Democratic debate next week. Drawing on his experience as mayor of a Midwest city, Buttigieg proposes to hold a “Pittsburgh climate summit” in his first 100 days in office, bringing together local leaders to share best practices on climate action, pool resources, and build plans for transitioning these local communities to 100% clean energy. The idea is a pointed dig against President Donald Trump, who, in his June 2017 speech announcing his intention to withdraw the US from the Paris climate agreement, said he was elected to represent “Pittsburgh, not Paris.” (Buttigieg also said he’d have the US rejoin the international climate agreement.) Trump’s comments “reveal he doesn’t get it” and reflect a “discredited worldview that holds you can either deal with climate or you can boost the economy,” Buttigieg said. “The truth is, if we fail to deal with climate, we wi