Having devastated the northern Bahamas, Hurricane Dorian is now moving up the US Atlantic coast. “Life-threatening storm surge and dangerous winds are expected to continue along portions of the North Carolina coast, portions of southeast Virginia and the southern Chesapeake Bay,” the National Weather Service warned Friday morning. “Water levels could rise well in advance of the arrival of strong winds.” This map shows the most likely predicted track and the likelihood of hurricane-force winds from Dorian. Historically, flood waters from surging seas have been the major killer when hurricanes come ashore. The map below shows storm surge warnings and watches from the National Hurricane Center. Heavy rain could add to the flooding experienced in coastal areas. The maps below show forecast rainfall. The map below shows the risk of localized flash flooding from rain over the next 24 hours, plus forecasts from stream gauges showing the risks of rivers bursting their banks in the coming days. River flooding forecasts are available only for stream gauges that have enough historical data to predict how a river will respond to anticipated rainfall, so they provide only a partial guide to where rivers may flood. As always, obey evacuation orders from local officials. See here for more information on the storm.   Colored shading shows the probability of sustained hurricane-force winds, greater than 74 mph, over the next five days. The maps in this post will update with each new forecast. This post was updated to reflect the latest warnings from the National Weather Service and to add a map of forecast rainfall over the next day. This post was updated to include a map of storm surge warnings and watches. This post was updated to include a map of flooding risks, and to reflect the latest warnings from the National Weather Service. This post was updated to reflect the latest warnings from the National Weather Service. This post was updated to reflect the latest warnings from the N