AMAZONAS, Brazil — A fire that's been burning for six days is threatening to engulf the fields of the Amazonas region and the animals that live in them, along with the trees that have been supporting the indigenous people living on the land for generations. Members of the Tenharim indigenous group told BuzzFeed News that at least 10 separate fires have broken out in their territory, even as fire brigades they've organized have worked to put them out. According to them, the fire — whose origins have yet to be determined — has burned many of the animals that the tribe had previously hunted. "We cannot say if the fire was started illegally," Chief Gilvan Tenharim told BuzzFeed News. "But we can say this — it's hard for a fire to start from nothing. That fire came from somewhere." Brazil nuts, which are produced on large trees common in northern Brazil and Bolivia, are a major source of income for the Tenharim. “My great-grandfather picked nuts here, my grandfather, my father. It is not just the fear of losing the Brazil nut, but this is the territory of my ancestors, where my ancestors lived," said Gilvan Tenharim, 30, the youngest of 12 local cacique, or chieftains. The chief pointed to his youngest son, 2-year-old Ivan Neto: "I was picking chestnuts here when I was his size." His family and the rest of the roughly 12,000 people living in the village of Campinho, in the Brazilian state of Amazonas, pick 700 canisters of Brazil nuts, each weighing around 40 pounds, each year. The nuts, which are sold to a distributor, make up the majority of the local income, along with cassava flour and açaí. Each of the area's "Brazil nut spots," which are divided by family groups within the tribe, has 60 to 300 chestnut trees. The Tenharim's recent past has been filled with tragedy, beginning with their treatment by the group of white Brazilian rubber tappers that first contacted the indigenous tribe on the banks of the Marmelos River in 1950. They immediately exploited the locals, 