SAN FRANCISCO — Internal Juul documents, obtained by BuzzFeed News, call into question claims made by a former Juul executive who sued the e-cigarette giant in October for allegedly covering up a shipment of 1 million “contaminated” nicotine pods. The explosive lawsuit has drawn widespread attention in the midst of a nationwide lung-injury outbreak linked to vaping products containing tainted THC, and as e-cigarette companies like Juul are increasingly scrutinized for their aggressive marketing toward teens. According to the confidential report, a batch of the e-liquids showed a visual defect where the chemicals did not mix together properly, causing the appearance of “separation.” A series of tests, run by an external lab hired by Juul, determined that this issue was not a “hazard” and posed “no increased health risks to customers.” The report states that there were “no serious injuries reported” related to the shipment in question, as well as no “violation of any applicable regulatory or statutory law.” Based on the results, the company concluded it would not need to issue a recall. The 11-page report, signed by multiple top Juul executives overseeing quality, regulatory, safety, and medical matters, includes a table of test results, dated in March, and a summary page dated in August. According to a source familiar with the document, those executives did not officially approve the report until months after the tests were done, on Oct. 22 — just one week before the lawsuit was filed in US District Court for the Northern District of California. A Juul spokesperson declined to comment on the document or the date it was signed, but issued a statement that confirmed its findings. The report disputes the highly publicized legal claims made by Siddharth Breja, a former senior vice president of global finance at Juul. As first reported by BuzzFeed News, Breja alleged that he was fired this spring after he internally raised concerns about “contamination” — whose nature he 