Glencore’s controversial McArthur River Mine has overcome one of the final barriers to its plans to keep digging, more than five years after an enormous error caused spontaneous combustion on the mine site and created fears of an environmental catastrophe that could last millennia. On Thursday, Northern Territory primary industry and resources minister Paul Kirby signed off on changes to the McArthur River Mine’s management plan. It follows a similar approval issued by the federal government in June. The decision marks the end of a five-year environmental approval process, sparked by dramatic spontaneous combustion and plumes of sulfur dioxide on the mine site. The burning and smoke were caused by a misclassification of the open-cut lead-zinc-silver mine’s rock, which led to risky, reactive rock being stacked in a waste rock dump without being appropriately quarantined. The misclassification, and contamination incidents on the mine site, gave rise to fears in the nearby community of Borroloola that the McArthur River was no longer safe to fish in. It also created a risk that acid mine drainage and toxic leaching from the dump could slowly contaminate the McArthur River, permanently affecting the region’s water system. Glencore has admitted the area will need to be monitored for 1000 years after digging ceases. The new authorisation has adopted all thirty recommendations made by the NT’s Environment Protection Authority. These include the establishment of an independent panel of experts to advise on the waste rock dump, monitoring of sulfur dioxide within a kilometre of the dump, and monitoring of contamination in fish in the McArthur River. The approval means Glencore can now begin works to fix the environmental problems it created. Mining expert at RMIT university Gavin Mudd told BuzzFeed News the conditions imposed by the government on Glencore were mostly positive, but did not deal with the critical question of how the mine would eventually be closed. “To me it’s