WASHINGTON — Planned Parenthood announced on Monday that it would withdraw from federal family planning funding over a Trump administration "gag rule" that bars abortion referrals, or suggesting where a patient can get an abortion. Planned Parenthood serves more than 40% of the patients that receive care through Title X, the federal grant program for family planning organizations. The Trump administration had proposed new rules for the program in May, and a federal court failed to stay them on Friday, driving the decision. "We will not be bullied," said Alexis McGill Johnson, Planned Parenthood acting president and CEO, at a news briefing to announce that the group's affiliates would submit letters to the Department of Health and Human Services withdrawing from the program. Planned Parenthood will keep its "doors open," she added, but "the impact of this gag rule will reverberate across the country." The regulation from the HHS bars federal family planning money from going to clinics and organizations that offer non-abortion services — such as contraception services, gynecological exams, and cancer screenings — in the same facilities where they perform abortions. (Federal law already prevents any federal funding from paying directly for the abortions themselves.) More than 1.5 million low-income women use Planned Parenthood for birth control, pregnancy tests, disease screening, and other health services, in part with support from Title X. McGill Johnson said that this change would lead to tremendous hardship for patients in states such as Utah and Minnesota, where the organization provides such services to the vast majority of low-income patients through Title X. "We are going to see women driving hundreds of miles to get an IUD," said McGill Johnson. The governor of Illinois, Jay Robert "J.B." Pritzker, during the briefing, said his state would also reject Title X funding over the new rules. Limiting medical advice to patients "is fundamentally wrong," he said. The