Satellites are watching for an unwelcome record at the very top of our warming world: In the next few weeks, we could see a new low for the area of sea ice in the Arctic Ocean. Each year, the low for sea ice arrives around mid-September after the long summer melt. The previous record — by some margin — was in 2012. Right now, this year’s melt is proceeding even faster, as the chart below shows. The loss of sea ice is particularly bad news for polar bears, which range across it to hunt their seal prey. But it could also make life tougher for us all, by accelerating global warming. As white ice is replaced by darker water, less of the sun’s energy will be reflected back into space, further warming the world and likely disrupting patterns of ocean circulation. It’s no surprise that 2019 is shaping up to be an exceptional year for sea ice loss. We have already experienced the hottest June and July across the globe ever. Still, experts say that it’s unclear whether the 2012 record will be broken. “There’s a pretty big variation in the trajectory it can take from here,” Walt Meier, a member of the team that tracks sea ice for the National Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder, Colorado, told BuzzFeed News. As you can see from the chart above, 2012 was unusual in that a steep decline in the area covered by sea ice continued well into August, rather than starting to level off from the end of July. In part, that was due to a strong storm that formed off the coast of Alaska on Aug. 5, 2012, and then shifted to the middle of the Arctic Ocean. As it did so, it helped break up the sea ice, contributing to the record set that year. As well as its expanse of sea ice, the Arctic is home to the Greenland ice sheet, the planet’s largest mass of ice outside of Antarctica. (If it were to melt in one go, sea levels would rise by about 24 feet.) The Greenland ice sheet, too, melts during the summer, and 2012 was again a record year. Tracking the ice sheet’s annual rise and fall is harder t