Southern Louisiana seems to have dodged a bullet with Tropical Storm Barry. Although heavy rain caused widespread flooding after the storm hit the state Saturday, the region’s two biggest cities, New Orleans and Baton Rouge, were spared the worst. But nationwide, the threat to lives and property from rain-triggered storm flooding is escalating, with global warming spawning larger, apparently slower-moving storms, and asphalt and concrete covering permeable open ground that would have soaked up rain as cities expand. Flooding has always posed the main danger when tropical storms come ashore, and historically, the main killer has been storm surge — a sudden rise in sea level caused by low atmospheric pressure and winds blowing onshore. But in the past three years, 75% of the more than 160 deaths from hurricanes making landfall along the US Gulf Coast and Eastern Seaboard have been due to flooding from heavy rain rather than surging seas, according to statistics from the National Hurricane Center. Several factors are to blame. Because hurricanes gain strength over warm ocean water, and because a warmer atmosphere can hold more moisture, which ultimately gets dumped as rain, global warming is thought to be driving bigger, wetter storms. Before Hurricane Florence made landfall in the Carolinas in September 2018, for instance, researchers estimated that parts of that storm would drop over 50% more rain than it would have in the absence of human-caused climate change. There’s also some evidence that global warming is weakening the circulation of the atmosphere of the tropics in summer, causing storms to move more slowly — although the idea is still controversial. And when a slow-moving storm stalls over a city that is largely paved with asphalt and concrete, with few open spaces to soak up the rain, disastrous flooding can result, experts say. These animated maps, based on satellite image–derived estimates of areas covered by impermeable urban surfaces from the National La