The Environmental Protection Agency selected top science advisers by a secret process that ignored federal guidelines, tapping many members from industry rather than academia without documenting its justification, a government watchdog found. EPA staff typically prepare detailed, written recommendations about the best candidates to serve on the agency’s 22 science advisory committees, according to the federal government’s guidance on staffing science boards. Officials ignored this long-standing process in their overhaul of two high-profile committees that provide critical independent reviews of EPA’s science and regulations, according to a new report released by the US Government Accountability Office on Monday. The GAO named the Science Advisory Board (SAB) and the Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee (CASAC) in the report, criticizing how their latest members were selected in an unusually opaque way. “The old process ensured that highly qualified people had the expertise in appropriate fields needed for upcoming reviews,” Christopher Zarba, the former director of EPA’s Science Advisory Board staff office who stepped down in 2018, told BuzzFeed News. Under President Donald Trump, he said, this “was replaced by a secretive process.” In a statement, the EPA refuted the GAO’s finding that the agency had ignored internal policy in filling positions on its science boards. The EPA said its new selection process offered a “more rigorous examination” of the applicants, involving agency management getting briefed by staff and then making their final decisions using the full list of applicants, per the GAO report. However, the agency provided no documentation to back up these claims, and still used the old process for staffing its 20 other advisory committees. As a result, there’s no paper trail documenting why the agency selected some of its most controversial advisers. Zarba rejected the EPA’s description of the new process. “This is bullshit. There was no other process