🚨The following contains disturbing content. Please read along at your own discretion!🚨Also, not all submissions are from Community users. When air and gases left in a corpse start to escape through the throat and nose, they could make the vocal cords vibrate, resulting in a noise that sounds like a groan. Can you imagine working in a funeral home and hearing this for the first time? No thanks!!! —beckywarner Photos were a luxury at this time, so if someone passed away before getting a photo taken during their life, this was their only opportunity to be captured in a still. As photography in general became more common, this practice of taking photos of the dead became less common. —angelav45d8cf1a3 Stories about people bursting into flames while minding their own business date back hundreds of years, though there are only a handful of reported cases, and the possibility of it has never been 100% confirmed.  —samsamosa According to a 2006 study done by the National Academies of Science's Institute of Medicine, illegible dosages and abbreviations of drug names have led to millions of injuries and thousands of deaths. From the moment a person dies, insects become attracted to the decaying body. Forensic entomologists are able to determine time and cause of death based on the stages of larvae, insect behavior, and more. One mortician compared this flattening of the eyeball to that of an old grape that looks deflated. To keep eyes looking plump during funeral services, eye caps are often placed under the eyelids to re-create the shape the eyeballs had during life. According to a 2008 study, the eyeballs of blue-eyed corpses turned to brown or black within 48 to 72 hours of death when at room temperature. Pathologists and crime scene investigators have learned to take note of this, so as not to make incorrect notes while performing autopsies or misidentify victims. —katiekinssw Up until the 20th century, investigators would dissect victims' eyes after death to try to find 