Young climate activists are preparing to launch a sprawling, nationwide campaign to push the Democratic National Committee to allow a presidential primary debate devoted to the climate crisis. “We started this fight centrally at the DNC headquarters. Now we’re taking the fight out of DC and into communities across America,” Varshini Prakash, cofounder of the Sunrise Movement, told BuzzFeed News. At least 1,200 people, including more than 100 high schoolers, have already signed up to rally for a climate debate at local DNC offices in states including Arizona, California, Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. The clock is ticking. There’s a chance DNC members could vote on whether to allow a climate debate at their Aug. 22–24 meeting in San Francisco. In early June, DNC Chair Tom Perez said the Democratic Party would not host a climate debate and barred candidates from participating in outside ones. So the fact that a DNC committee is now mulling over a resolution to allow one is viewed as a win by debate supporters, notably those with the Sunrise Movement who protested the climate debate ban by camping out for days in front of DNC headquarters in Washington, DC. Now those activists are turning up the pressure to make sure there’s actually a memberwide vote on the resolution and it goes their way. The DNC declined to comment on the Sunrise Movement protests. The Sunrise Movement is also preparing to send around 1,000 people to Detroit, coinciding with the second Democratic primary debate in the city at the end of July, to rally with other activists. They will be highlighting the Green New Deal — a sweeping 10-year proposal to jointly tackle climate change, the economy, and poverty — and how it can help energize cities like Detroit. The grassroots group, formed in 2017, got viral attention in November when young activists assembled to protest at now-speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi’s office. Joined by newly elected Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a Democrat from New York, t