The hopes, dreams, and delusions that climate change is a future problem — possibly a preventable one — eroded this decade, replaced by the sobering reality that the crisis is already here and only getting worse. The evidence is a growing list of broken climate records, one that will likely increase in the years and decades to come. The 2010s will likely lock down the record for the hottest decade. The 10-year stretch also boasted a wave of historic disasters, from the all-time high temperatures recorded during a blistering heat wave in Europe to the largest US rainfall event in 70 years to many of the most expensive and destructive catastrophes across the globe. This is also the decade when the first mammal went extinct from climate change, coral reefs experienced unprecedented damage tied to warming ocean waters, sea levels rose and islands disappeared, climate pollution spewed into the atmosphere at historic levels, and so much more. Climate scientists, to their credit, have long been making dire projections about a warming planet and doing their best to warn everybody else. Recent studies have shown that even early scientific models from as far back as 1970 — which looked at the relationship between rising temperatures and growing levels of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere — largely got things right. With new data, better tools, increased scientific collaboration, and still-rising greenhouse gas emissions, more experts are now in agreement than ever: This is a human-made problem, catastrophic impacts are coming sooner than we thought, and time is running out to fix it. Even our language for talking about global warming has radically changed in the past 10 years, taking on more urgency. Politicians, scientists, and the media have increasingly followed the lead of activists, referring to climate change as a crisis, emergency, or breakdown. Oxford Dictionaries named “climate emergency” its 2019 word of the year. The mounting gloom and doom has also spurred action