WASHINGTON — The young protesters who have increasingly become the face of an urgent new movement to combat the climate crisis rattled the Democratic Party’s central institution this week, camping out on the steps of its headquarters and sending jitters through its senior staff ranks. About a dozen protesters in black T-shirts stood vigil Tuesday and Wednesday night outside the Democratic National Committee’s headquarters, and more than a hundred watched the debate on a screen outside the locked Washington institution. “We need to show people we’re willing to sacrifice our time, to sleep on brick floors for this cause,” said Juliana Rossi de Camargo, a 25-year-old fellow with the Sunrise Movement. “This is an emergency.” In Miami, where the DNC’s senior staff gathered for the first Democratic debate, party staff sent an urgent email to campaigns warning them against their supporters disrupting the debate itself. The email was aimed, a Democratic source said, at Washington Gov. Jay Inslee, who had invited young climate activists to attend the debate as his guests. “Should there be any disruptions in the hall and the individual(s) involved are identified as invited guests of a campaign, the time lost to the disruption will be taken out of the candidate’s already limited time,” the email warned. “Please communicate this with your invited guests.” (Any changes in speaking time during the debate itself would be set by NBC News, the host of Wednesday night's event, not the DNC.) Inslee’s campaign said it had no such plans, and the debate proceeded without disruption. “We’re going to be making sure that the 2020 [candidates] will take the climate crisis seriously,” said Alexandria Villaseñor, a New York City eighth grader who founded the group Earth Uprising and attended the debate as Inslee’s guest. Back at the DNC, the activist crowd erupted into cheers every time climate was mentioned during the debate. It happened when Sen. Elizabeth Warren briefly mentioned climate in