A group that helps get scientists elected to office wants to host a climate debate among the Democratic presidential candidates, despite the Democratic National Committee warning candidates against participating in any issue-specific debates. 314 Action is putting $100,000 toward a debate and is looking for environmental group partners to help make this debate a reality as soon as this fall. “Climate change is an existential crisis and it’s worthy of an hour-and-a-half-long debate where Democrats can put forth their plans for voters to see,” 314 Action founder Shaughnessy Naughton told BuzzFeed News in a statement on the debate proposal. “Regardless of who wins the Democratic nomination, voters deserve to know what these candidates’ plans are for climate change.” The debate call comes as the wide field of Democratic candidates embraces fixing climate change like never before, with most vowing to not take more than $200 from fossil fuel executives, as well as industry lobbyists and political action committees, and a handful of the candidates already coming out with detailed climate plans. Washington Gov. Jay Inslee was the first Democrat running for president to call for a debate focused exclusively on the climate crisis. Now more than a dozen candidates have backed the idea, including former vice president Joe Biden, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren. The Democratic National Committee, first in a response to Inslee’s campaign and then in a Medium post, announced in early June that it would not hold such a debate. Moreover, the DNC said it would ban any candidate who participated in a third-party debate from joining future DNC ones, effectively shutting down the possibility of a climate debate. Despite the DNC’s refusal, momentum for a climate debate has surged. Inslee has doubled down on the idea; former vice president Al Gore, a climate advocate, has endorsed it; youth activists have rallied in front of the DNC headquarters; and a