The FDA on Friday approved a second drug meant to increase a woman's sex drive. Approval of the injectable drug, bremelanotide, sold as Vyleesi by Amag Pharmaceuticals Inc., follows the unsuccessful 2015 launch of the drug Addyi, a controversial "female Viagra" pill intended to spur sexual desire. "There are women who, for no known reason, have reduced sexual desire that causes marked distress, and who can benefit from safe and effective pharmacologic treatment," Hylton Joffe of the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, said in a statement. "Today’s approval provides women with another treatment option." Under study for more than a decade, Vyleesi increases the activity of a hormone linked to lowered anxiety and moderately improved desire in past studies. But "the mechanism by which it improves sexual desire and related distress is unknown," according to the FDA. Amag claims that nearly 80% of the women who took the drug in a 24-week study continued injecting it afterward, typically two or three times a month. "It is important that women suffering with this condition have a choice of treatment options," said Anita Clayton of the University of Virginia School of Medicine, who headed studies of the drug's safety, in an Amag statement. The impact of low sexual desire, she added, "goes far beyond the bedroom and can often result in anxiety, loss of vitality, self-esteem issues and relationship stress." Overall, around 20% to 30% of women report low sexual desire in surveys, although only about half of them see that as a problem. The first drug aimed at these women, Addyi, failed to win customers partly due to being prohibited with alcohol. Amag and its backers are hoping that Vyleesi, injected from a pen dispenser about 45 minutes ahead of sex, will get luckier. (The FDA has approved at least five different drugs formulated to improve erections in men.) "Whether a sometimes effective Addyi or an injectable Vyleesi, pharmacotherapy is not usually a complete solu