Scientists have looked for the first time at the brain patterns of Islamist radicals, showing that the part of the brain associated with deliberative reasoning is deactivated when a person is willing to fight and die for a "sacred cause" — and that the opinions of their peers can change that way of thinking. Researchers from the UK, Spain, and the US carried out brain scans on groups of men at various stages of radicalisation for Artis International, a research group that studies the role of "sacred values" in violent conflicts around the world. The study, published in the Royal Society Open Science journal, found that when a study subject was willing to fight and die for what they considered to be "sacred values", activity in the areas of the brain associated with deliberative reasoning decreased. Instead, they showed high activity in a different part of the brain — one associated with subjective perceptions of value, such as what a person finds beautiful. Nafees Hamid, a social psychologist at University College London and one of the researchers, told BuzzFeed News that usually both parts of the brain are active. "In most people’s day-to-day activities, you have both mechanisms working in tandem. Even if someone’s thinking, 'That hamburger looks really good, I want to eat it,' they’re still thinking, 'It’s a lot of calories and I'll feel bad afterwards.'" However, when a person is willing to fight and die for a cause, the part of the brain associated with deliberation (their dorsolateral prefrontal cortex) becomes disconnected from the part associated with what they value (their ventromedial prefrontal cortex). When a person is less willing to fight and die for a cause, the two areas reconnect — and that person is open to reason. The study was based on a sample of 30 men from a Pakistani community who had been selected from a broader group because of the high levels of radicalisation they recorded in a survey. All supported the militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba, whic