WASHINGTON — Government scientists must stop research that uses human fetal tissue, the Department of Health and Human Services announced Wednesday in a series of new restrictions. The changes follow a monthslong agency review of medical research that involved fetal tissue that HHS announced in September. The administration cast the restrictions as part of President Donald Trump’s agenda to restrict abortion rights and remove protections for reproductive rights. In recent months, Trump has pushed to end health care nondiscrimination protections for those who have had abortions, moved to allow health care workers with a moral objection to abortion to refuse to perform the procedure, and pulled US funding from international aid groups that promote or perform abortions. “Promoting the dignity of human life from conception to natural death is one of the very top priorities of President Trump’s administration,” HHS said in a release Wednesday on the new fetal tissue restrictions. Research projects using fetal tissue that are funded by the National Institutes of Health, but conducted outside the federal government, will continue to the end of their grant terms, according to HHS. As part of the changes, new funding for projects that use fetal tissue will require additional approval from an ethics review board. The agency also announced the end of a contract at the University of California, San Francisco, related to fetal tissue research. Three active projects at the NIH, which funds $39 billion in biomedical research annually, will be affected by the new rules, an HHS spokesperson told BuzzFeed News. The spokesperson did not identify the research projects or indicate how much grant money was affected. The NIH referred questions to HHS. This announcement ended “a 30-year partnership with the NIH,” UC San Francisco chancellor Sam Hawgood said in a statement to BuzzFeed News. “UCSF exercised appropriate oversight and complied with all state and federal laws. We believe this d