Democratic presidential frontrunner Joe Biden on Tuesday released his highly anticipated plan for tackling the climate emergency, pledging to make the US a climate leader again and to push the rest of the world on tackling the crisis. The former vice president is the latest, and highest-profile, Democrat to release a comprehensive climate policy, a sign that the issue of climate change continues to heat up in the 2020 elections. The new policy follows weeks of criticism, questions, and speculation by the climate community about Biden’s plans, and it features ideas highlighted by other candidates. Ever since a campaign adviser was quoted last month saying Biden supported a “middle ground” approach to climate change, which the campaign then denied, pressure has been mounting for him to clearly define his climate strategy. In the weeks that followed, Biden’s ducked questions from youth activists about supporting a climate debate and from the press about his climate policies generally. With little information to go off of, the environmental group Greenpeace recently gave Biden a D– on climate in their candidate ranking on the issue, and the policy and consulting group Climate Advisers ranked Biden second to last. Biden’s new 22-page plan, just the second detailed policy rollout of his campaign, answers some of that criticism. Greenpeace’s climate campaign director, in announcing the group’s candidate evaluations, said, “In 2020, true climate leadership means nothing less than saying ‘yes’ to a Green New Deal and ‘no’ to fossil fuels.” Biden is moving in the direction of both of those positions with his new plan. Biden, his campaign said in its policy summary, “believes the Green New Deal is a crucial framework for meeting the climate challenges we face,” saying the idea’s “ambition on an epic scale” and connection of the economy with the environment are “core” to his proposal. Many pieces of Biden’s plan ring similar to the proposals put out by other Democratic 2020 can