When Elisabeth Bik came across a series of studies about a new cancer-fighting method, called “YXQ-EQ,” they sounded legitimate at first. A few of the scientists behind the studies were associated with Harvard University, and their work had federal research funding. But what, exactly, was YXQ-EQ? The answer, Bik eventually determined, was this: A researcher takes cancer cells into a locked room and does…something. When he brings them back out, they’re dead. That’s as specific as these studies appear to have ever gotten in explaining YXQ-EQ, according to Bik, an independent science integrity consultant with a microbiology background. In a viral Twitter thread last week, Bik criticized at least seven of these studies for failing to transparently describe the treatment they were testing, mostly on various cancer cells. She also asked the academic institutions of the scientists involved, as well as the journals that published their work, to investigate the matter. Only after retracing the dense footnotes in these papers did Bik discover that “YXQ-EQ” is apparently an acronym that refers to the “external Qi” and “Qigong” of scientist Yan Xin. In Chinese culture, Qi is the life force believed to exist in everything, and Qigong is a system of movement, breathing, and meditation believed to boost health. According to what appears to be the lone 2004 study that spells out the “YXQ-EQ” method, it turns out that the treatment consists of Yan standing alone in a room and emitting his Qi toward a group of lab-grown rat eye cells. Yan appears to be the only scientist who has ever performed this technique. He is also the only scientist who is on all the papers in question, which, aside from the 2004 study, involve deploying the method on a variety of cancer cells. Bik said that her intent is not to mock traditional Chinese medicine. “But if one single researcher claims that he — and only he — can use Qi to kill off cancer cells, he should be willing to share how they do that,” she