Right-to-carry handgun laws trigger a 13% to 15% increase in violent crime a decade after the typical state adopts them, suggests a new statistical analysis of 33 US states. The Journal of Empirical Legal Studies report released Monday is the latest in a thorny academic fight over how letting people more freely carry around guns affects those crimes. Advocacy for and against looser gun laws will doubtless grow louder as the US Supreme Court is expected to hear a challenge to a ban on taking a licensed handgun outside New York City limits without a permit, its first gun control case in nearly a decade. The court, split along partisan lines 5–4 in favor of judges who have previously favored expanded gun rights, could decide that there is a constitutional right to carry a gun outside the home. But that could be “a dangerous mistake to make,” according to the new study’s lead author, Stanford Law School’s John Donohue. “The important takeaway is that more guns seems to lead to more crime,” Donohue told BuzzFeed News by email. “So it is probably wise to think in terms of appropriate controls and it would be very unwise to push the 2nd Amendment too far.” This long-running and contentious statistical debate began with the 1998 book More Guns, Less Crime by John Lott Jr. of the Crime Prevention Research Center. Since its publication, 11 states have loosened right-to-carry laws, and more than 30 states now allow the open carrying of a gun without a permit. About 3.1 million people in the US were victims of violent crimes, rapes, robberies, and assaults in 2017, according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics. In the new study, statisticians looked at right-to-carry law effects on those numbers by adding data from the 11 states that have adopted them in the last 15 years to create a record of 33 states that allowed citizens to carry concealed weapons from 1981 to 2007. The team looked at violent crime rates in all of the states, controlling statistically for the effects of pol