For the first time on record, the new forensic science of genetic genealogy has been used to identify a suspect in a case of violent assault. Cops in Utah had to obtain special permission to upload crime scene DNA to a website called GEDmatch, which had previously only allowed police to investigate homicides or rapes. Critics worry that the case, which led to the arrest of a 17-year-old high school student who has not yet been named, marks the start of a “slippery slope” to law enforcement using such methods to investigate increasingly less serious offenses, eroding people’s genetic privacy. “This is very disturbing,” Leah Larkin, a genealogist in Livermore, California, who helps adoptees find their biological relatives, told BuzzFeed News. “We’re right here on the precipice, sliding down.” The terms of service on GEDmatch, a website used by genealogy enthusiasts to research their family trees, are clear: If cops want to use the service to crack criminal cases, they need to be investigating a homicide or a sexual assault. Detectives in Centerville, Utah, were not. They wanted to catch the assailant who broke into a Mormon church on Nov. 17, 2018, and put a 71-year-old woman who was playing the organ in a chokehold. She passed out several times, according to a police press release, but survived the attack. When the DNA analysis company Parabon NanoLabs told Centerville police that it couldn’t upload a DNA profile from the crime scene to GEDmatch, the lead detective didn’t take “no” for an answer. He went to Curtis Rogers, a retired businessman in Florida who runs GEDmatch, and argued that the assailant was likely to strike again. Rogers gave permission for Parabon to pursue the case in December, Steven Armentrout, Parabon’s CEO, told BuzzFeed News. “In this particular incident, the police made a compelling case that this person was a public risk,” Armentrout said. “This case was as close to a homicide as you can get,” Rogers told BuzzFeed News by email. “The victim w