On her popular Instagram feed, Jessie Brebner informs her thousands of followers about tools they can use to become — or avoid becoming — pregnant. Last summer, she posted something worrisome: A scientist was raising serious questions about the Daysy, a $330 thermometer that claimed it could identify whether you’re fertile with 99.4% accuracy. Women reacted with shock and concern. And Daysy’s manufacturer, Switzerland-based Valley Electronics, promptly blocked Brebner from its Instagram account. When the influencer later chimed in on the company’s Facebook group, where another person had asked about the evidence for the device, she was kicked out. “I just don’t think it’s fair to market something as 99.4% effective to women if it’s not, because this is literally women’s lives that can be affected by something like that,” Brebner told BuzzFeed News. The study that was the source of the 99.4% figure was retracted Tuesday from the journal Reproductive Health. It was pulled more than a year after Chelsea Polis, a reproductive health researcher, raised concerns about it — and eight months after the journal’s editor told her that the study would be withdrawn. In its retraction notice, the journal’s publisher wrote that “fundamental flaws in the methodology” mean “that the conclusions are unreliable.” The publisher also noted that the study’s authors disagreed with the retraction. Despite hearing criticism for months — and even formally acknowledging that the paper would be retracted — Valley Electronics has continued to tout the device on social media as being 99.4% accurate, although it has removed the statistic from its website. “Travelling with Daysy? No problem!” said a Facebook post on Jan. 23. “Daysy is made to adjust to your unique way of living with 99.4% accuarcy [sic].” Niels van de Roemer, Valley Electronics’ medical director, said earlier this year that the company has “the right to block accounts that use our platforms to make aggressive advertising for thems