Jay Inslee on Friday released the first piece of his presidential campaign’s climate strategy, calling for dramatically cutting the climate pollution from buildings, electricity, and vehicles, as well as ending US coal, all by 2030. When the Washington governor launched his presidential bid in March, he pitched himself as the “only candidate who will make defeating climate change our nation’s number one priority.” Several Democratic presidential contenders have since said they would prioritize climate action on their first day in the White House. Former Texas Rep. Beto O’Rourke made this claim this week when he released his own detailed climate policy. Inslee is looking to regain the climate-candidate mantle with his new climate proposal. “It won’t just be something I do on the first day; it will be something I’m committed to every day,” Inslee told BuzzFeed News. “There may be candidates who have in the last few days recognized that climate change is a real problem, and I think that is great,” Inslee said, but “this is something I’ve been committed to most of my professional life.” In seemingly a first for the 21-person Democratic field, Insee has proposed retiring all US coal plants by 2030. “It is clear we need to end our dependence on coal-based electricity. That is a scientific certainty,” Inslee said. He said his plan would include provisions to help move coal workers to other work, saying, “We have to be exquisitely embracing of them as we go through this transition.” Washington state has offered a template for how to do this, according to Inslee, creating a $55 million fund for the community surrounding the state’s last coal plant, Centralia Big Hanaford power plant, which is set to retire in 2025. Meanwhile, Donald Trump in 2016 campaigned on saving the coal industry. As president, his administration has loosened coal regulations and claimed to have ended the so-called war on coal. But even these efforts have not stopped the shuttering of coal plants nation