A trio of dominant environmental political groups are joining forces to form a fundraising power base for the eventual Democratic nominee and to boost candidates who embrace bold climate action during the primary. LCV Victory Fund, NRDC Action Fund PAC, and NextGen America are expanding their GiveGreen fundraising platform on Tuesday, launching the Beat Trump Presidential Climate Unity Fund to raise money for President Donald Trump’s yet-to-be-decided opponent in 2020. “Given that President Trump is the most anti-environmental president we’ve ever had by far, we are absolutely committed to ensuring that [the] eventual nominee on the Democratic side, that she or he has the resources to win, to beat Trump, and to move forward on the climate action we desperately need,” Tiernan Sittenfeld, senior vice president for government affairs at the League of Conservation Voters, told BuzzFeed News. Donors will also be able to give to individual nominees who have committed to tackling climate change as soon as they get in office. At least nine Democratic candidates have already met the qualifications: Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee; former Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper; former Texas Rep. Beto O’Rourke; South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg; and Sens. Cory Booker of New Jersey, Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, Kamala Harris of California, Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, and Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Others will be added on a rolling basis. By offering this panoply of fundraising options for pro-climate candidates, environmental groups are looking to ensure that climate change is a key issue in both the Democratic primary and the general election. And the high early participation among nominees suggests a common interest in competing for the climate vote. To get on the platform at this early stage in the race, nominees had to fill out an eight-question climate survey. The initial batch of nominees all agreed to make the climate emergency a top priority on day one as president