Beto O’Rourke on Monday pledged to spend trillions to combat the climate crisis in the first major policy proposal of his presidential campaign, making him the latest Democrat in the 2020 race to embrace climate change as a top issue. “The greatest threat we face — which will test our country, our democracy, every single one of us — is climate change,” O’Rourke told supporters in a campaign email. His plan, starting day one in the White House, would include spending a record $5 trillion on climate action over ten years and mandating the US reduce its emissions to net zero by 2050. (This means the nation, by midcentury, would no longer be emitting more climate pollution into the atmosphere than it was pulling out of it through trees and other ways.) “This is one more demonstration that if you want to be a serious candidate, having a real plan to tackle climate change is essential,” Derek Walker, vice president for US climate at the Environmental Defense Fund, told BuzzFeed News. Up until now, O’Rourke has been loose on policy platforms for his presidential campaign. It took multiple interviews to pin down his position on a single-payer Medicare for All system, and in an interview with the Washington Post before he announced his candidacy, O’Rourke struggled to articulate specific solutions to the issue of immigration and border policy on which he built the backbone of his Senate race. Other candidates have launched their campaigns with signature policy proposals — for Sen. Kamala Harris, a massive middle-class tax cut; for Sen. Elizabeth Warren, an anti-corruption bill. But though O'Rourke did often go into specific policy details on the campaign trail on issues from health care to immigration, he had not come out with a policy proposal to anchor his campaign. There are some novel goals in O’Rourke’s plan, including how much he plans to spend acting on climate and his proposal to bring emissions for federal lands down to net zero by 2030. But there’s also a lot of ov