Naomi Klein's provocative book unveils the myths surrounding the climate change debate and explores how the "free market" is holding us back from important changes. Promising review: "Naomi Klein’s This Changes Everything is absolutely essential for understanding, confronting, and meeting the challenges of the 21st century. [...] I am very inspired by this book and I cannot wait for others to read it and react to it." —Chris Get it from Amazon for $14.32, Barnes & Noble for $18.99, or find it at Indiebound or your local library. Merchants of Doubt follows a group of high-level scientists and advisers who have purposefully misled the public, denying evidence of climate change in an effort to placate corporate and political interests. Promising review: "Exceptional. Put this book at the very top of your reading list. The authors provide a clear, stunning, and engaging history of how a handful of scientists were able to keep doubt alive during every occasion in which scientific evidence threatened to cut into a corporation's profit or a politician's proposed policy." —Charlene Get it from Amazon for $11.39+, Barnes & Noble for $19+, or find it at Indiebound or your local library. Earl Swift provides a thorough, intimate look at the small, tight-knit community of Tangier Island, Virginia — and how that community is responding to its destruction by the effects of climate change.  Promising review: "A well-told story about the watermen of the Chesapeake Bay and the blue crabs and oysters that sustain them. Swift does a remarkable job of explaining the character of the families and their community on this remote island. He paints a vivid portrait of the perils they face from their work — and from climate change, although, despite acknowledging the incessant shrinking of their island, they do not accept the notion of sea level rise. Recommended for anyone with an interest in the Bay and the historic watermen who live there." —Paul Goldberg Get it from Amazon for $15.93, Bar