Photographer Nick Brandt has spent years working in East Africa, documenting the stark contrast between the region's natural beauty and the devastating impact of humans on the environment. Since 2005, Brandt has published six books on the theme of vanishing wildlife and has been the subject of many solo exhibitions in galleries and museums around the world. In 2010, Brandt took his work further by helping to launch the Big Life Foundation, a nonprofit conservation organization that enlists over 200 local rangers to protect 1.6 million acres in Kenya and Tanzania. His new book, This Empty World, visualizes the landscapes of East Africa as places of extreme environmental stress, where wild beasts roam the industrialized and polluted lands that were once theirs. Each picture is meticulously blended from two original images, each shot on the exact same spot weeks apart — the results are a surreal and haunting vision of Earth's wild past and the dark future we may be heading toward if nothing changes. Here, Nick Brandt speaks to BuzzFeed News about the concepts behind these pictures and describes a world where wildlife falls victim to humanity's disregard for the environment. What are the themes you address in This Empty World? This Empty World focuses on the escalating destruction of the African natural world at the hands of humans, showing a world where, overwhelmed by runaway development, there is no longer space for animals to survive. The countries of East Africa, where this series was photographed, are one of the hot spots for this population explosion. All those people have to live somewhere. Environmentalists working in East Africa recognize that this is really one of the biggest, most dramatic reasons for such radical biodiversity loss. There is almost no park or reserve big enough for most animals to live out their lives safely. And outside of those often surprisingly small areas, the animals are being squeezed out and hunted down. It’s reaching the point where