For some, climate change can be an abstract concept — for artist and photographer Robert Dash, it's what informs his creative vision. As a teacher for the last 25 years in the fields of biology, environmental studies, and photography, it's at the intersection of art and nature where Dash uncovers stunning beauty that often goes overlooked by the human eye. Dash's work employs the use of a scanning electron microscope, which is able to photograph details too microscopic for the naked eye. With this tool, Dash captures hypnotic patterns deep within the nature that surrounds us, while at times capturing the very real effects of climate change on a microscopic scale. Through digital collages, Dash draws parallels between those parts of nature that are both visible and unseen. Here, Robert Dash shares with BuzzFeed News a selection of his hypnotic works as well as the concepts behind the images. After decades of travel and work, my dream was to travel as far as possible with my camera and pen while studying one small space. Remarkably, I was welcomed to use a scanning electron microscope (SEM) at the nearby Friday Harbor marine biology laboratories at the University of Washington. My process of working begins with a fascination with natural patterns and textures. I work with images that totally shock me at first sight. I want viewers to feel the same thrill I felt when I viewed a certain leaf, feather, or pollen grain. I then use my DSLR camera to photograph the life-size version of the micrograph’s source — a barnacle, flower, or leaf, for instance. Each image suggests its own composition, although I mess around for a while, sometimes months, until the image “works.” I’m looking for compositional and metaphoric relationships between the life-size object and the microscopic parts of itself. I continue by researching the role of this species in the biosphere, and how it is impacted by environmental stress. If all of these elements make if through the filters of beauty, in