SAN FRANCISCO — Some Google employees are alarmed they weren’t told sooner that a colleague with measles had walked around buildings at their Silicon Valley headquarters — including a campus restaurant — two weeks ago, according to internal forum posts seen by BuzzFeed News. Many are discussing how to protect themselves and their families and to what degree they may be at risk of the highly contagious virus after finding out that the unidentified person spent time in a Mountain View office building April 4. A select group of employees learned about the incident more than a week later, on April 13, when a company doctor emailed them about the infected “Googler,” as BuzzFeed News first reported on Wednesday. Sometime on Tuesday, a warning flyer went up at the restaurant. For many other employees, though, the news report was the first time they’d heard about the potential health risk at their campus, where thousands work, as no wider message went out until Thursday. Some were left annoyed that their employer hadn’t sounded the alarm faster and more widely. “A bit upsetting that I had to find out about this through this Group, via a BuzzFeed News article, rather than from some official Google internal comms,” one Googler wrote on a company discussion board. On Thursday morning, the staff doctor sent a message to multiple internal groups of employees, reassuring them that they were safe while acknowledging that his communication had been “slow.” BuzzFeed News has learned that not only did the potentially infected person visit the office at 1295 Charleston Road, they also hung out in the on-campus Fish Food café, a five-minute walk away. It’s not clear how busy the restaurant, which serves up mussels, grilled fish, and other fare at no charge, may have been at the time, but Google famously plies workers with free meals to keep them on the campus. A public health notice now inside the restaurant informs customers that “a person who may have been contagious with measles” wa