Expect even more measles outbreaks in the United States in coming years, public health experts say, thanks to overseas epidemics and growing misinformation efforts by anti-vaccination activists. Outbreaks of the highly contagious virus are now active in 20 states, with 555 confirmed cases in the US this year alone, according to the CDC. That’s well on track to exceed 2014’s record of 667 cases, the highest number recorded since the disease was declared domestically eradicated in 2000. All of the new US outbreaks originally derived from infections transmitted by travelers — either visitors from overseas, or US residents who went abroad. “Every case we have now is associated with travel,” Thomas Clark, deputy director of the CDC's viral diseases division, told BuzzFeed News. And with measles cases now surging outside of the US too — seeing a 300% global increase this year compared to last — we are likely to see more cases here, public health experts say. “It is unfortunately the new normal,” Harvard Medical School epidemiologist John Brownstein told BuzzFeed News. And the booming anti-vaccine movement in the US and across the world is making it harder to keep it in check, he said. On Monday, the World Health Organization reported that 170 countries have confirmed more than 112,000 cases so far in 2019. That’s probably an underestimate, as only about 1 in 10 actual cases is reported to the WHO. Severe outbreaks in countries such as Madagascar, the Philippines, and Ukraine, among others, are, “causing many deaths — mostly among young children,” according to the health agency. Those epidemics are leading to outbreaks even in countries with good overall vaccination rates, such as Israel, Thailand, and the US. “Absolutely what we are seeing is that under-vaccinated areas in the US are the kindling and the huge numbers of infections overseas are the spark that ignites outbreaks here,” Baylor College of Medicine infectious disease expert Peter Hotez told BuzzFeed News. Measl