Sir David Attenborough is into the sixth decade of his career. In that time, he has appeared on black and white, colour, high definition, and even 3D television. And, over the decades, he has been consistent in educating us about the natural world while also highlighting the grave threats it faces — such as Blue Planet exposing the damage posed by single-use plastics. Now, thanks to his narration on the new natural history series Our Planet, Attenborough will soon be making his debut on streaming television. When it lands on Netflix next month, all eight episodes of the nature series will be available to watch in 190 countries simultaneously. And, with the issue of climate change never more prominent in public and political discourse, this is arguably Attenborough’s most crucial and timely project of all. But in case you were wondering, Attenborough isn't leaving the BBC for Netflix. In fact, Attenborough is due to present a climate change documentary for the British broadcaster later this year. His involvement in Our Planet is directly down to the show’s executive producer, Alastair Fothergill — a filmmaker who has collaborated with Attenborough on other memorable natural history shows such as Planet Earth and Blue Planet — who started his own production company and partnered with Netflix. “My job is not to do the pictures, my job is simply to provide the words and I was very flattered that they invited me to join them,” Attenborough told BuzzFeed News. Another partner on the new series is the wildlife charity WWF, which was the subject of a BuzzFeed News investigation in March — some time after this interview took place — that revealed it was funding paramilitary anti-poaching groups implicated in torture and killings of indigenous people. WWF said it is investigating the allegations. Our Planet certainly matches the scale of productions that viewers now come to expect in the ever-increasing, high-stakes world of natural history filmmaking. It’s taken four years, 