The hardiest urban legend of the US overdose crisis — the idea that deadly amounts of fentanyl are tainting the illicit marijuana market — is being spread by officials at the White House and the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA). At a news conference last week prior to briefing Trump on the crisis, Kellyanne Conway, the White House’s opioid crisis czar, warned of the risks of illicit fentanyl turning up in other drugs, including marijuana. “People are unwittingly ingesting it,” Conway said. “It’s laced into heroin, marijuana, meth, cocaine, and it’s also just being distributed by itself.” Although that is true for heroin, and in some cases cocaine and methamphetamine, fentanyl-laced marijuana is not a real risk, according to experts who are concerned about senior leadership at the White House and elsewhere in the federal government repeating an urban legend. “This is part of a wider fentanyl panic that goes beyond having alternative facts [and] leads to bad decisions,” Northeastern University drug policy expert Leo Beletsky told BuzzFeed News. “It's crazy that this story is coming out from our leaders,” epidemiologist Dan Ciccarone of the University of California, San Francisco, told BuzzFeed News. “It shows that concerns about fentanyl have reached the level of moral panic. Fear outweighs rational evidence. There is scant evidence for cannabis laced with fentanyl.” The US overdose crisis killed around 70,000 people in 2017, sparking a national emergency declaration by President Trump. Fentanyl killed at least 30,000 of those people, CDC statistics suggest. The increasing presence of the drug in the heroin supply on the East Coast, as well as in some batches of cocaine and methamphetamine, is blamed for the surge in overdose deaths, which have more than doubled since 2016. But fentanyl hasn’t shown up in any marijuana seized by the Drug Enforcement Administration, the agency’s Jill Head, a senior chemist, confirmed earlier this month at a National Drug Early W