They're part of the squash family. This works because it suppresses the bitterness in the pineapple. We also share 99% of our DNA with bananas. The rind is actually very healthy. There are quite a few languages that don't have a name for the color at all. They grow different varieties of the same family, so you could buy a citrus tree that grows lemons, limes, and oranges or a stonefruit tree that grows peaches, plums, and apricots. Scientists think that they mimic a similar looking berry grown in that region to trick birds into carrying their seeds. This is known as Munker's illusion. They can cause digestive problems and tooth decay. A recessive gene can prevent them from being fuzzy and that's what makes the difference. Some days of the year, Alaska can get up to 20 hours of sun. They look like tomatoes because tomatoes and potatoes are both part of the nightshade family. This is all part of it. There are over 7,500 varieties. It's named Synsepalum dulcificum and it can make lemons taste "as sweet as candy." Photosensitizing properties in limes make the area more prone to irritation. Other produce that can cause this are celery and parsley. The apples he planted were too bitter to eat alone and the cider was safer to drink than the water. It's sterile and isotonic, and was used in an emergency for a patient on the Solomon Islands. Loofahs are actually edible vegetables. Adding salt to pineapple makes it sweeter. Mushrooms share more DNA with humans than with vegetables. Every part of watermelon is edible. The word "orange" was originally named after the fruit, not the color. You can buy fruit salad trees, which grow several different fruits on one plant. The world's shiniest living thing is actually a berry that grows in Africa. Oranges are often sold in red bags because it makes the color of the fruit look deeper. Carrots actually aren't good for rabbits. Peaches and nectarines are the same fruit. Vegetables in Alaska grow oversized because of the amount of sun 