Aleiodes shakirae makes its host (usually a caterpillar) twist and contort its abdomen. Scientists decided to name it after Shakira and her truth-telling hips. Scaptia beyonceae is a horse fly that is solid black with the exception of a gold butt. The fly's unique bum made researchers think of the Destiny's Child hit "Bootylicious." Aptostichus bonoi is native to Joshua Tree National Park and is named after the U2 frontman and their 1987 album The Joshua Tree. The scientist who discovered Conobregma bradpitti was a huge fan of the actor and even had a poster of him on the wall of her laboratory. Desis bobmarleyi gets its name from Bob Marley's song "High Tide or Low Tide" because it lives in a high tide/low tide habitat. There are 19 species under this genus including Gaga germanotta, to honor the artist's last name, and Gaga monstraparva, which translates to "little monsters." Its DNA sequence also spells out GAGA. The 40th anniversary of the band and the discovery of these species must've coincided. These species are called Heteragrion freddiemercuryi, H. brianmayi, H. rogertaylori, and H. johndeaconi. Leucothoe eltoni has an appendage that's reminiscent of the boots that Elton John wore in Tommy. He played Spider-Man and it's a genus of spider crab so it makes sense. Andrew Garfield also has an animal named after him because of his stint as Spider-Man. The first part of the name Metallichneumon neurospastarchus pays homage to the band. Because it's a parasitic wasp, the second part of the name refers to the album "Master of the Puppets." "Neurospastarcus" is "ruler of the puppets" in Greek and references the lifeless and brain-dead nature of the wasp's hosts. The ant, Sericomyrmex radioheadi, was named after Radiohead due to their conservation efforts and because the band "is an excellent companion during long hours at the microscope while conducting taxonomic revision of ants." The genus, Pinkfloydia, has very unique and strange morphological features, and the s