A bipartisan coalition of lawmakers called on President Donald Trump to go ahead with a ban on flavored e-cigarettes on Monday, following the president’s decision to hold off on a sweeping ban he first announced in September. “Our children should not be used as guinea pigs by the tobacco industry,” said the letter from the Senate and House chairs of the bipartisan Congressional Caucus to End the Youth Vaping Epidemic. The letter, signed by 28 senators and representatives, calls for a nationwide ban on all flavored e-cigarettes, including the mint and menthol flavors that the vaping industry has pushed to keep on the market. “We urge you to finalize the removal of all flavors from the market,” the letter said, referencing the May 2020 deadline for e-cigarette manufacturers seeking product approvals from the Food and Drug Administration. Trump first announced his intention to ban all flavored vapes in early September, kicking off intense lobbying from e-cigarette firms and public health officials. “A lot of people think it’s wonderful,” Trump said in comments to reporters. “It’s not a wonderful thing.” But in a November White House meeting of the vaping industry and children’s health groups, Trump said he was still searching for a ban that would satisfy parents enraged over skyrocketing rates of teen vaping, while not putting vaping stores out of business and driving former smokers to the black market. “This is absolutely unacceptable. Our children are not for sale,” Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi of Illinois, a cochair of the caucus, told BuzzFeed News. “I’m very disappointed that industry was able to elbow its way into the discussion and hold up the ban. But if there are discussions going forward, our caucus should have a voice at the table.” The ban fight comes as survey results reported by the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) in November suggest that more than 1 in 4 high school students now use flavored e-cigarettes monthly, more than 5 million teens 