Kids around the US and the globe are ditching school on Friday to call out adults for not doing enough on climate change. “When you don't have anything other than your voice, you have to use it,” Haven Coleman, a 12-year-old striker in Denver told BuzzFeed News. “We have to fight for our future because adults aren't doing anything.” The growing global movement started as a solo effort. Greta Thunberg, a teenager with Asperger's syndrome who often wears pigtail braids, first protested Aug. 20, 2018, outside the Swedish parliament building in Stockholm, handing out flyers with climate facts on them, and then kept coming back. But it was only after she addressed climate officials gathered in Poland last December in a blunt and biting speech that her #FridaysForFuture campaign went mainstream, drawing massive crowds in the streets of London, Hamburg, Brussels, and more. “You say you love your children above all else, and yet you are stealing their future in front of their very eyes,” Thunberg said in Poland. “Until you start focusing on what needs to be done rather than what’s politically possible, there is no hope. We cannot solve a crisis without treating it as a crisis.” This week is set to bring the biggest strikes yet, with possibly hundreds of thousands of people protesting in more than 100 countries. Thunberg will be in Stockholm, according to her spokesperson. The movement has not yet taken off in the US as it has in Europe. But that’s poised to change this week, with more than 150 events planned across the country, including in big cities like Washington, DC, New York City, and San Francisco. Like Thunberg’s solitary start, Coleman has been striking mostly by herself every Friday this year around Denver, from a hospital to a Home Depot to the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment. With her mom driving her around, Coleman alternates each week between protesting in the morning for about an hour before school (often missing part of her homeroom clas