Under a new settlement with the federal government, a Texas compounding pharmacy will be allowed to stay in business under certain conditions after it allegedly made an eye injection that partially blinded at least 68 patients. As BuzzFeed News reported in September, the patients say that the company, Guardian Pharmacy Services, made a faulty, knockoff version of a drug called TriMoxi, which was injected into their eyeballs as part of routine cataract surgeries in late 2016 and early 2017. They say they were told that the medication would speed up healing, when in fact it irreversibly damaged their vision. The patients’ injuries underscored the relatively little regulation that holds compounding pharmacies accountable, despite recent efforts to strengthen federal oversight. On Monday, a federal court in Texas ordered Guardian to stop producing compounded sterile drugs until it complies with the federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and other requirements. The company must also pay the costs of the FDA’s future efforts to ensure that it is complying. In a March 6 complaint, the Department of Justice found that Guardian had committed multiple safety violations, ranging from having unclean lab environments to mislabeling drugs to failing to have required patient prescriptions. Despite making multiple promises to correct these problems as early as November 2017, the compounder continued to violate the law. (It is not related to another pharmacy with the same name, which is headquartered in Atlanta but has a branch in the Dallas area.) Without admitting or denying wrongdoing, Guardian agreed to the DOJ settlement, which will be in effect for at least five years. It states that the company can produce sterile drugs once it brings its manufacturing processes into compliance; establishes safeguards to prevent future contamination; and hires an independent expert to verify that it has fixed its mistakes and to periodically audit its facility. The court agreement does not esti