Salt had always been a fundamental part of Mallory Smith’s life. Like all babies born with cystic fibrosis, Mallory had inherited two defective copies of a gene responsible for balancing the salt and water in sweat. The disease caused a thick mucus to form in her lungs, trapping bacteria and triggering infections, and leaving her skin a little salty. Salt, she knew, would eventually cut her life short: The average life expectancy of a person with cystic fibrosis in the US is just 38 years. As she wrote in her diary shortly before she died at age 25, “My disease erodes the life blueprint I drew as a kid.” Her mom, Diane Shader Smith, told BuzzFeed News that early on in Mallory’s life, she and her husband, Mark, decided to push for “a sense of normalcy,” despite frequent doctor visits and a shifting cocktail of antibiotics to quell the infections that would flare up in her lungs. Part of this turned out to involve more salt: When Mallory was a toddler, Mark read a scientific paper about inhaled saltwater’s positive effects in clearing the mucus in the lungs. So the family began taking regular vacations to Hawaii, where Mallory became an avid surfer. At home in Los Angeles, tumbling in the waves of the Pacific Ocean, she found it easier to breathe. That sense of normalcy, her parents said, extended into her life as a young woman with big dreams. She went to college at Stanford, where she played club volleyball and studied biology. During this time, she also kept diaries to chronicle not only her love life and frustrations at school, but dozens of long hospital stays and her ever-deteriorating health. When Mallory was 24, an infection in her lungs caused by a bacteria called Burkholderia cepacia became resistant to all of the antibiotics available to treat it, turning into what’s known as a “superbug.” In September 2017, she was lucky enough to get a double-lung transplant. When Mallory’s new lungs became reinfected with B. cepacia, Mallory’s parents pushed her doctors 