An Arizona crematorium tested hot for radioactive contamination, and the likely source is a cremated man who was treated for cancer shortly before dying, a new study found. The medical community has long been aware of potential safety risks associated with cremating cancer patients treated with “radiopharmaceuticals,” according to Nathan Yu, the study’s lead author and a resident physician in the Department of Radiation Oncology at Mayo Clinic in Arizona. But contamination of a facility has not been reported until now. The injection of radioactive compounds is increasingly used to diagnose and treat cancer because it can be used to to deliver radiation to specifically targeted tumor cells. Given their alarming findings at the Arizona crematorium, Yu and his colleagues are calling for a more systematic approach to handling this safety challenge. There are no federal rules about exposed dead bodies, resulting in a patchwork of state regulation, according to their letter published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association. And Arizona currently doesn’t have any such rules. The results weren’t surprising to Marco Kaltofen, a nuclear scientist at the Worcester Polytechnic Institute in Massachusetts who was not involved in the study. “They only happened to catch this one case because normally they don’t look,” he said. A 69-year-old man was treated last year at the Mayo Clinic in Arizona for cancer through a common outpatient procedure involving the injection of radioactive compounds into the veins. Not feeling well, he checked into a different hospital the next day and soon died. The place where his body was cremated didn’t know about the recent cancer treatment. When the Mayo Clinic staff discovered their patient’s sudden death, they took steps, including reaching out to the state’s Bureau of Radiation Control, that resulted in a survey of the crematorium. About a month after the man was treated with lutetium Lu 177 dotatate, the very same isotope was d