President Trump’s decision to build part of the wall along the Mexican border with Defense Department counternarcotics funds produced strong criticism from international drug trafficking experts. Trump declared the national emergency to make “available additional troops and funding for military construction,” saying he would redirect some $8.1 billion in federal funds toward wall building, including $2.5 billion in money now allocated to military drug interdiction efforts, largely involving National Guard units and cooperation with civilian agencies such as the Department of Homeland Security and Drug Enforcement Agency. The proposed redirection of DOD funds struck drug interdiction experts as a big mistake, especially amid a nationwide drug overdose epidemic. Those overdoses — largely from illicit drugs transported from overseas through ports of entry — killed more than 70,000 people last year. National Guard units collected over 3.3 million pounds of illicit drugs from U.S. communities in 2017 using funds that the President now wants to use to build the wall. “It would be really ill-advised,” transnational crime expert Alex Toth of the University of Tampa, a former DEA special agent, told BuzzFeed News. “It's terrible policy. It guts a vital coordinating function we rely on to interdict drugs domestically and internationally,” former Office of National Drug Control Policy official Rafael Lemaitre told BuzzFeed News. “We have limited resources to deal with the opioid crisis, and we should be looking for ways to get more out of each taxpayer dollar, not less.” The counternarcotics money that Trump said he wants moved comes from a Defense Department program the lets National Guard units serve as a bridge between the police, the US Army and the US Navy. The US military supports efforts by law enforcement in places like Key West, for example, intercepting drug shipments by sea and air through the Caribbean, through which most of the cocaine in the US arrives. Cocaine-r