Nine months after the dramatic arrest of Joseph James DeAngelo, alleged to be the Golden State Killer, the emerging field of investigative genetic genealogy has given birth to a new forensic science industry. Just weeks after DeAngelo’s arrest, Parabon NanoLabs launched a commercial forensic genealogy service. Since May, it has identified suspects in 36 cold cases, according to its lead genealogist, CeCe Moore. Now Parabon has competition. This week, the biggest forensic DNA testing company in the US, Bode Technology, announced that it is launching a rival genealogy business. In regular crime scene investigations, detectives look for an exact match between a crime scene sample and DNA profiles stored in law enforcement databases to identify a suspect. Forensic genealogy, by contrast, generates investigative leads from DNA databases used by people researching their family trees. Investigators look for genetic profiles that partially match with DNA from a crime scene. They work out how closely these individuals are related to the perpetrator from the amount of DNA that they share. If they find a promising match — for example, a second cousin or closer — genealogists can then use birth, death, marriage, and other public records to build family trees that reveal possible suspects. Potentially, this is a multimillion-dollar business that could help crack tens of thousands of violent crimes. According to analyses of FBI data by the Murder Accountability Project, there have been around 250,000 unsolved murders across the US since 1980 — although how many of those case files contain usable DNA evidence is unclear. Parabon offers initial DNA testing, basic information on a perpetrator’s likely skin, eye, and hair color, and an assessment of whether a case might be solved through genealogy for $1,500, its CEO, Steven Armentrout, told BuzzFeed News. If a case looks promising, Parabon charges $3,500 for up to 15 hours of research by an expert genealogist. “We’re going to be fai