Republicans believe blasting the Green New Deal will be a winning strategy going into the 2020 elections, capitalizing on the Democrats recently botched rollout of the bold climate proposal. As Republicans, and especially those in swing states, struggle to figure out how they will address climate change, “the Green New Deal clarifies the Republican position,” Alex Conant, a Republican strategist and former communications director for Marco Rubio’s 2016 presidential bid, told BuzzFeed News. “It’s much easier to say I care about climate change but oppose the Green New Deal.” Rather than endorse it, use it as the start of a negotiation, or ignore it, “it's better to wage a war against it,” said Matt Gorman, the former communications director at the National Republican Congressional Committee. “I think Republicans are going to use it across the ballot.” It seems as if Mitch McConnell is on board for this plan, too. The Senate majority leader announced on Tuesday that he’s going to schedule a vote on the Green New Deal, in order to get Democrats on record supporting or opposing the controversial proposal. “We'll give everybody an opportunity to go on record and see how they feel about the Green New Deal,” McConnell said. For months a vague political concept, the Green New Deal took a less amorphous shape last week, when Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a Democrat from New York, and Sen. Ed Markey, a Democrat from Massachusetts, unveiled a nonbinding resolution outlining a few concrete, if broad goals. Under the sweeping 10-year proposal, the government would eliminate “pollution and greenhouse gas emissions as much as technologically feasible,” such as by cutting down emissions coming from the agricultural, transportation, and manufacturing sectors. The plan also lays out environmental goals unrelated to climate change, such as “guaranteeing universal access to clean water” and “cleaning up existing hazardous waste and abandoned sites.” The proposal would also require the 