On Oct. 2, 2019, Bernie Sanders had a heart attack. Eighteen days later, on a Saturday afternoon in New York City, approximately 25,872 of his supporters made the trip to Queensbridge Park, a sweep of green overlooking the East River, where, framed by the Manhattan skyline and the steel beams of the 59th Street Bridge, they formed the largest crowd in support of any Democratic campaign in the primary to date. A parade of big-name supporters took the stage to suggest, at points with defiance, that the candidate was better positioned than ever to win the nomination. His wife, Jane Sanders, promised her husband was not just ready — he was “more than ready” to keep running. His campaign cochair, Nina Turner, cautioned the crowd to be on the lookout for “ageism” in the press. “Memo to the mainstream media, memo to the haters: Hashtag Bernie is Back.” And one of his earliest supporters, filmmaker Michael Moore, warned of pundits who would say Sanders, age 78, is just “too old.” The crowd booed back with vehemence. “Well here’s what’s too old,” Moore went on. “The electoral college is too old. That’s what’s too old. A $7.25 minimum wage — THAT’S TOO OLD. Women not being paid the same as men — THAT’S TOO OLD.” “Superdelegates,” Moore yelled to the crowd with disgust. “What’s that??” “TOO OLD!” they called back on cue. “Fossil fuels — what’s that?”“TOO OLD!” This October has been perhaps the most testing month of the Vermont senator’s long career. The heart attack he suffered three weeks ago at an event in Las Vegas landed him in the hospital, where doctors discovered a blocked artery and inserted two stents — putting a sudden halt to a campaign that remains competitive in large part due to its relentless pace and sense of urgency. But at his first campaign event since the procedure — advertised by Sanders officials as a “Bernie’s Back” rally — the health scare mattered only insofar as it seemed to serve as an incongruous source of triumph and energy in the face of those who