President Donald Trump’s reelection campaign has capitalized on the investigations into the president’s conduct, new campaign finance reports show. Seven of the reelection campaign committee’s 10 days with the most unique donors this year came at the end of September, on the days immediately following House Speaker Nancy Pelosi announcing a formal impeachment inquiry into the president. One of the other top days came in April, when news broke that former special counsel Robert Mueller objected to Attorney General Bill Barr’s characterization of his report on Russian interference in the 2016 election, according to FEC data. In the hours after Pelosi’s Sept. 24 press conference, the Trump campaign had emailed supporters and posted ads on Facebook asking for donations to the “Impeachment Defense Task Force.” The emails reviewed by BuzzFeed News sent supporters to a fundraising page for a joint fundraising committee between the Republican National Committee and the Trump campaign while Facebook ads BuzzFeed News reviewed prompted supporters to directly support the Trump campaign. “As a member of the Official Impeachment Defense Task Force, you will be a leader in defending me, the President, against these baseless and disgusting attacks,” one of the ads reads. “You will be responsible for defending American Greatness.” In other Facebook ads, the campaign revived Trump’s “total witch hunt” slogan to characterize the impeachment inquiry. “Don't let Democrats and the Fake News Media silence YOU!” the ad reads, encouraging supporters to donate to the “impeachment defense fund.” “The Democrats know they have no chance of winning in 2020, so now they are crying, ‘Impeachment!’,” one fundraising email from Trump’s campaign said on the day Pelosi announced the inquiry. “The Democrats thrive on silencing and intimidating his supporters, like YOU, Friend. They want to take YOUR VOTE away.” The email told supporters that the campaign was launching an “Official Impeachment Defense 