WASHINGTON — During President Donald Trump’s July call with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky — the one where the president asked for help finding damaging information on the Mueller probe and Joe Biden — Trump urged Zelensky to talk to two people: Rudy Giuliani and Attorney General Bill Barr. So far, House Democrats’ impeachment investigation has focused heavily on the activities of the former, and not on the latter. That Trump told Zelensky to talk to Barr and Giuliani made sense, even though one is the nation’s top law enforcement official and the other is not. Both men have been gathering information about the US counterintelligence probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election that morphed into special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation — a probe Trump and his supporters have long tried to discredit — and sought help from foreign officials to do so. Trump on Wednesday repeated his support for an investigation into the origins of the Russia probe, and told a reporter to ask Barr for details on the status of that. “I don't know the details. I just know that our country is looking into the corruption of the 2016 election,” Trump said during a press conference with the Italian president. Asked about reports that Barr met with Italian officials about that investigation, Trump replied: “I don't know anything about the meeting but certainly it would be appropriate ... so you'll really have to ask Attorney General Barr, OK?" While Giuliani’s travels to Ukraine and meetings with Ukrainian officials are well-documented by now, Barr has denied similar contacts. Despite Trump’s repeated invocations of the attorney general’s name, Barr has flown largely under the radar. The congressional committees probing whether Trump committed impeachable offenses have issued subpoenas to Giuliani and his associates; they’ve yet to issue any subpoenas or requests for voluntary cooperation to Barr or the Justice Department, at least not that they’ve publicly announced. A s