WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump’s decision to pull US troops out of Syria has pissed off congressional Republicans right when he needs them most. The decision to remove US troops has had a devastating and swift domino effect in the region, giving Turkey the opportunity to invade an area controlled by Kurdish forces, who had been allied with the US against ISIS. The move has infuriated Republicans, whose support Trump desperately needs while the House’s impeachment inquiry roars on. On Wednesday, a significant majority of House Republicans — 129 members of the 197-member caucus — including every member of the party’s leadership joined with Democrats to vote for a resolution condemning the president’s recent move to pull US troops out of Syria. “The Kurds found out on Twitter, for goodness' sakes. We have left them to the wolves,” Rep. Adam Kinzinger, a high-profile Republican critic of the president, said on Face the Nation Sunday. “The message this is sending to our allies around the world I think is really going to be bad.” Sen. Lindsey Graham, usually one of Trump’s most reliable defenders, spent Wednesday in a war of words with the president. In the morning, Trump said the fighting in Syria “has nothing to do with us” and repeated throughout the day that America’s Kurdish allies are “no angels.” Graham called the comments “just outrageously dangerous.” Trump responded with a rant about how Graham wants troops to stay in the Middle East “for the next thousand years” and implied a potential threat to Graham’s reelection next year if he continues fighting the president on the issue. Trump said Graham should focus on judicial issues — including investigating former president Barack Obama, former FBI director James Comey, and several other of Trump’s frequent punching bags — because his constituents in South Carolina want American troops brought home. When reporters read these comments to Graham, he insisted that Trump’s moves will be a disaster. “The president’s 