The debates in the Democratic presidential primary have a rhythm this campaign cycle. They usually start with a big, broad opening on some enormous issue, like the economy or health care. There is usually an uncomfortable question one or more of the candidates have to answer assertively. Usually, two of the candidates end up fighting like cats and dogs — and any of these scenarios are capable of leading into an awkward, tense moment and the moderators lose control. The big issues in Tuesday’s debate, of course, were impeachment and Medicare for All. The hard question was for Bernie Sanders, who addressed the matter of his health. The smoke was between former Texas Rep. Beto O’Rourke and South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg, who have been engaged in a fight over O’Rourke’s mandatory gun buyback idea. While those variables can change, the candidate who plays the role of the mediator is — usually — the same: Cory Booker. Booker has consistently and clearly spoken to the nexus between the exasperation Democrats feel over the Donald Trump presidency and the need for civility in the primary. It’s arguable that he has won or been near the top of every debate — with Tuesday night’s debate in Ohio being another strong performance. In Westerville, Booker used his self-appointed role as the uniter in the room to draw a contrast with his opponents and Trump, saying he was “having déjà vu all over again” after early questions in the debate about Trump’s attacks on Joe Biden and his son Hunter’s work in Ukraine. “I saw this play in 2016’s election. We are literally using Donald Trump’s lies. And the second issue we cover on this stage is elevating a lie and attacking a statesman. That was so offensive. He should not have to defend ourselves. And the only person sitting at home that was enjoying that was Donald Trump seeing that we're distracting from his malfeasance and selling out of his office.” And he used his time to walk through his own priorities, from addressing childhood pover