WESTERVILLE, Ohio — It was the endless, repeating image of Tuesday night’s three-hour Democratic debate: Elizabeth Warren on one side of a split screen, waiting in silence, hand raised, for a chance to respond. Eleven candidates stood to Warren’s left and right on stage in Ohio, attacking her wealth tax, questioning her approach to Medicare for All and taxes, and dragging her into an array of policy issues, without prompting from the moderators. Amy Klobuchar said Warren wasn’t being “honest” about raising taxes to pay for Medicare for All. Pete Buttigieg said she wanted to “obliterate” private health insurance. Kamala Harris asked Warren, and only Warren, why she wasn’t supporting her proposal to suspend Donald Trump from Twitter. Twice, Tulsi Gabbard lobbed Warren a question from the other side of the stage. And Biden, still the leading candidate in most early primary polls, engaged Warren in a hot exchange about who deserves credit for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the consumer protection agenda she spearheaded during the Obama administration. “I went on the floor and GOT YOU VOTES,” Biden said near the close of the debate, his voice raised. He turned toward Warren and chopped his hand in the air. “I GOT VOTES for that bill. I convinced people to vote for it. So let’s get those things straight, too.” Warren paused for three full seconds. “I am deeply grateful to President Obama, who fought so hard to make sure that agency was passed into law,” she said, leaving Biden, Obama’s vice president, out of it entirely. A hushed “ooooh” sounded from the crowd. “And I am deeply grateful to every single person who fought for it and who helped pass it into law,” she went on, “but understand—” The fourth Democratic debate, hosted by CNN and the New York Times at Otterbein University, marked a new stage in Warren’s steady rise over the last eight months from a campaign at the bottom of the polls to the very center of a crowded primary contest: Her rivals, the big o