WESTERVILLE, Ohio — In each of the first three presidential debates, Joe Biden was the target — the clear frontrunner whom other Democrats were trying to take down a peg or two. And that’s where Biden found himself Tuesday night at the fourth debate. Polls show he’s still a frontrunner. But Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts has surpassed or tied with him in some state and national polls, and many of the other candidates on stage shifted their combative attentions to her. Over three hours at Otterbein University, Biden was often an afterthought. It wasn’t a terrible spot for him. The swampy story of his son’s business dealings overseas while Biden was vice president — a subplot of the impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump — was dispensed with quickly, within the first 20 minutes. Rather than being on the defensive constantly, Biden got to lean into strengths, such as his foreign policy experience, and flex his more progressive credentials on gun control and women’s reproductive rights. The night could have gone differently for Biden. Tuesday began with ABC News airing its exclusive interview with Hunter Biden, who conceded that he exercised bad judgment by serving on the board of a Ukrainian natural gas company while his father was the Obama administration’s point person on Ukraine. The younger Biden also acknowledged that his father’s stature created business opportunities for him. (“I don’t think that there’s a lot of things that would have happened in my life,” he said, “if my last name wasn’t Biden.”) Trump and his allies have made false and unfounded accusations that both Bidens behaved illegally or improperly. CNN’s Anderson Cooper, one of the debate’s moderators, emphasized that reality Tuesday while also asking Joe Biden if he agreed that his son had shown bad judgment. “Look, my son's statement speaks for itself,” said Biden, who avoided giving Cooper a direct answer both times he was asked the question. “I did my job. I never discussed a sing