WASHINGTON — Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is set to endorse Sen. Bernie Sanders for president, the senator’s campaign confirmed to BuzzFeed News Tuesday evening. “She will help us build the multiracial working class coalition we need to win and transform this country,” Sanders campaign manager Faiz Shakir said in a text message to BuzzFeed News. The endorsement is perhaps the most significant for Sanders of the 2020 cycle so far. Since shooting into the national spotlight last summer after toppling then Rep. Joe Crowley, Ocasio-Cortez has become one of the most significant voices in progressive politics — with major sway, particularly among young voters. The news that Ocasio-Cortez will endorse Sanders was first reported by the Washington Post Tuesday night during the Democratic presidential debate, which marked Sanders return to the campaign trail after a recent heart attack. Rep. Ilhan Omar, one of Ocasio-Cortez’s closest allies, endorsed Sanders Tuesday evening immediately following the debate. “Bernie is leading a working class movement to defeat Donald Trump that transcends generation, ethnicity and geography,” she said in a statement. “That is why he is fighting to cancel all student debt. That is why he is fighting to make all school meals universal. That is why he is fighting for a humane immigration policy that treats immigrants as human beings and not as criminals. And it’s why Bernie is fighting to end our forever wars and truly prioritize human rights in our foreign policy.” Rep. Rashida Tlaib, another member of the progressive group of first-term representatives known as the Squad, was also reported to be planning to endorse Sanders. But Tlaib clarified in a statement Wednesday, that while she will take Sanders on a tour of her district on Oct. 27 and bring him to a roundtable "with housing justice advocates," she has not yet made an endorsement. "It is critically important to me to involve my residents and my district in every major decision I make. .