WASHINGTON — The Democratic takeover of the House of Representatives last year took out a wave of moderate Republicans who might have provided a core of resistance to President Donald Trump — but are instead watching ambivalently from the sidelines. “What’s surreal is the historical context of impeachment … and the fact that I’m one term removed from something that does have a place in history,” said former Pennsylvania representative Ryan Costello, who added that he sometimes found himself squirming at the things Trump said or did. Costello had been more publicly critical than many of his colleagues were, and he walked away from Congress scolding the president for mocking center-right Republicans who lost their seats. (Costello memorably tweeted the day after Republicans lost the House "to lose bc of POTUS & have him piss on u. Angers me to my core.") Being free of Washington means not having to worry if your job will hinge on one crucial impeachment vote. But it also means missing out on history. Trump could become just the third US president to be impeached by the House of Representatives. “If they did and I were still in Congress, that would be, obviously, a career-defining type vote,” said Costello, one of 40 House Republicans who either retired or lost their seats in January. “I think anybody in public service wants to be part of momentous votes.” It’s an irony of the regionalized US political system that partisan waves like the 2018 Democratic win usually make the victorious party more diverse — while the members of the losing party mostly lose moderates from swing districts and become more hardline. “I’m sorry I’m not there,” said former New Jersey representative Leonard Lance, a self-described moderate who broke from party leadership on key issues like immigration and repeal of Obamacare. “I believe there needs to be more moderates on both sides and I see precious few.” Now, the diminished cadre of Republicans in the House are, mostly, from safe districts w