The fourth Democratic presidential primary debate is Tuesday night, and we don't really know what to expect. The race itself has been in something of a stasis for the last several weeks, as impeachment and what's happening in Washington have dominated political news. There have been few real polling swings at the top of the field since the last debate in September — Elizabeth Warren has continued to rise, and Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders have remained mostly flat, despite the president's constant needling of Biden's family and Sanders suffering a heart attack. The rest of the candidates still mostly have single-digit support. Stasis isn't good for anybody (except for, maybe, Elizabeth Warren — more below on that). And tonight could prove to be the best chance this fall for candidates to change things up. Here are five of the biggest questions for tonight's debate, hosted by CNN and the New York Times from Westerville, Ohio, at 8 p.m. Warren is the only candidate in the primary who has steadily gained support all year, to the point where national polling averages have her in a near tie with Biden at the top. She's the center of the race right now, and, along with Sanders, is driving its policy and focus on systemic change. She hasn't had a big debate "moment," hasn't had a breakout or surge. She's just been rising. Warren's so far succeeded in debates by sticking out of fights, avoiding interruptions, and hitting her anti-corruption message and personal story hard in her openings and closings. No one has really pushed her to do much more. So who is going to try and change her trajectory? So far, Warren has only really faced criticism in the debates from moderates like John Delaney, who didn't hit the polling threshold for this debate. Tonight could be different — she for once could be easier for lower-tier candidates to attack than Joe Biden or Bernie Sanders, with most Democrats rallying in defense of Biden against President Donald Trump and Sanders seeming vulnerab