Joe Biden is announcing that another round of black leaders in Indiana will support his presidential campaign, a show of force as the former vice president tries to establish himself with black voters and fend off a challenge from Indiana’s own Pete Buttigieg. The campaign told BuzzFeed News that 14 more black leaders in the state would support Biden for president, including Robin Winston, former Indiana Democratic Party state chair; Jerald Harkness, a filmmaker; Lacy Johnson, an Indianapolis attorney and Democratic Party insider; Nathaniel Lee, a former state officeholder; and Tammi Davis, a Gary, Indiana, official. They joined the outspoken South Bend city councilor Oliver Davis, who made national headlines with his support of Biden last month. Others included in the endorsement announcement: the Rev. Dr. Michael J. Bluitt, general secretary of the Interdenominational Ministerial Alliance of Indiana; Ronald Covington, president of the General Missionary Baptist State Convention of Indiana; the Rev. Dr. Fitzhugh Lyons, president of the Interdenominational Ministerial Alliance of Indiana; Eugene White, former Martin University president; and community leaders Carl Drummer, TyJuan Garrett, Jeffrey Johnson, Theron Williams, and Charlitta Winston. Ordinarily such endorsements — from a Republican state that has little influence on the Democratic primary — might not rate much attention in a national presidential election. But Buttigieg’s rivals and critics trace his struggles to appeal to black voters to Indiana, where he presides as mayor over South Bend, a city that’s roughly a quarter black. Davis’s endorsement last month helped seed that narrative. “We are building a broad coalition of support to create a path to the nomination that reflects the diversity of our party and our country,” said Biden campaign manager Greg Schultz. “We are thrilled and honored to have the support of these respected leaders from Indiana, who are helping us assemble the strongest campaign i