MINNEAPOLIS — In his first rally since becoming the target of an impeachment inquiry, President Donald Trump launched scathing personal attacks on everyone from Joe Biden and his son to Ilhan Omar, as he whipped up a crowd of loyal supporters by focusing them on individual hatreds. The Trump campaign flashed images of Omar, the Democratic member of Congress from Minnesota, on huge screens that hung from the top of the Target Center in Minneapolis, as Trump raged against her in her home state. The crowd responded with raucous boos. Trump has refused to take part in the impeachment inquiry, launched by House Democrats last month. He has tweeted almost endlessly since, but Thursday was his first chance to speak directly to a loyal crowd, at times off-script, something that energizes him. He was due to hold a second, more hastily planned, rally in Louisiana on Friday. “You know, I know you people, I know you people. I know the people of Minnesota. And I want to tell you, and I also at the same time, it's both a question and a statement: How the hell did that ever happened? How did it happen?” he said to the 19,000-capacity arena, speaking of Omar’s election last year. He repeated a litany of accusations against Omar, often echoed by Fox News and other right-wing media, including that she minimized the Sept. 11 attacks and misrepresented her marriage. “How do you have such a person representing you in Minnesota? I'm very angry at you people right now. She is a disgrace to our country and she is one of the big reasons that I'm going to win and the Republican Party is going to win Minnesota in 13 months,” Trump said. Trump lost Minnesota by just 44,000 votes in 2016 and his campaign is making a big push for the state ahead of 2020. The almost entirely white crowd responded with deafening boos when Trump said, “As you know, for many years, leaders in Washington brought large numbers of refugees to your state from Somalia.” He then said he had “reduced refugee resettlement b