WASHINGTON — Members of Congress want the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency to stop building training facilities for its officials modeled after US cities, they wrote in a new letter obtained by BuzzFeed News. The government is due to pay $961,347.75 to Strategic Operations — a manufacturer of tactical training products run by a former TV and film producer — to duplicate neighborhoods of Chicago and cities in Arizona for ICE tactical training. The company will use “hyper-realistic” designs to simulate houses, apartments, hotels, commercial buildings, and government facilities, according to a government document. The new training facility — to be built in Fort Benning, Georgia, at the Department of Homeland Security’s 182,000-acre facility — has alarmed some members of Congress who represent the areas being replicated. Rep. Jesús García of Chicago will send a letter to ICE’s acting director requesting the government agency rescind contracts to build the military-style facilities, citing “deep concerns” about a facility modeled after areas in his district. “Military training will result in agents defining my neighbors as the ‘enemy’, and harden them to the inhumanity of ripping mothers and fathers from their children,” García told BuzzFeed in an email. “This decision is nothing short of a declaration of war on our neighborhoods and violates our core American values.” The letter is signed by seven other members of Congress, including Illinois Reps. Danny Davis, Mike Quigley, Bill Foster, Bobby Rush, and Jan Schakowsky. Arizona Reps. Ruben Gallego and Raúl Grijalva also signed on, calling the training facility “a waste of tax-payer dollars” that betrays the public’s trust. “Imagine copies of Chicago homes from my neighborhood sitting in a warehouse on a military base — built with details like toys in the yard and dishes on the kitchen table,” García said. “This has nothing to do with security, and everything to do with the Republican anti-immigrant agenda to no