WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's administration said it will not participate in any interviews or requests in the House's impeachment inquiry, using a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Democratic committee chairs on Tuesday evening to call the probe unconstitutional. "Given that your inquiry lacks any legitimate constitutional foundation, any pretense of fairness, or even the most elementary due process protections, the Executive Branch cannot be expected to participate in it," White House counsel Pat Cipollone wrote in the letter. In a call with reporters shortly after the letter was sent, a senior administration official confirmed the administration plans to block all testimony and document requests related to the inquiry going forward "under the current circumstance." "The administration will have a full halt because this is not a valid procedure for going about an impeachment inquiry," the official said. But the official declined to say whether that could change and would also not outline what the White House would want changed in order to agree to cooperate in the probe. “We don’t want to speculate about hypotheticals or draw red lines. We’re definitely not saying — we’re avoiding saying that there’s no way we’ll ever cooperate," the official said. In his letter to the House, Cipollone argued that the impeachment inquiry is unconstitutional in part because the Trump administration does not have access to witnesses or the ability to cross-examine them. He also wrote that House Democrats should give Republicans equal power to subpoena witnesses. Cipollone wrote that allowing administration officials to testify and provide documents to the House under those circumstances would "inflict lasting institutional harm on the Executive Branch and lasting damage to the separation of powers" and said that Democrats had "left the President no choice." "Consistent with the duties of the President of the United States, and in particular his obligation to preserve 