WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's accounting firm must turn over eight years of the president's tax returns to a grand jury in New York, a federal judge ruled Monday. Trump immediately appealed. A federal appeals court agreed to temporarily delay enforcing the lower court judge's decision while that case goes forward, which means the grand jury and state prosecutors in New York won't get Trump's tax returns just yet. US District Judge Victor Marrero dismissed Trump's lawsuit challenging a grand jury subpoena issued by New York District Attorney Cyrus Vance. He wrote that Trump's argument for complete presidential immunity from a criminal investigation was "repugnant to the nation's governmental structure and constitutional value." "Bared to its core, the proposition the President advances reduces to the very notion that the Founders rejected at the inception of the Republic, and that the Supreme Court has since unequivocally repudiated: that a constitutional domain exists in this country in which not only the President, but, derivatively, relatives and persons and business entities associated with him in potentially unlawful private activities, are in fact above the law," Marrero wrote. The district attorney's office had agreed not to enforce the subpoena until 1 p.m. on Monday while the two sides waited for the judge to rule. Trump's lawyers appealed Marrero's decision to the US Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit immediately after the ruling came down Monday morning. The decision is the latest setback for Trump in his bid to stop his opponents in Congress and at the state level from getting his financial records. Federal judges have previously rejected Trump's challenges to congressional subpoenas to his accounting firm and banks; those decisions are already pending before appeals courts. In the latest case, filed in the US District Court for the Southern District of New York, Trump challenged a grand jury subpoena issued to Trump's longtime accounting firm, 