The Supreme Court announced Friday that they plan to take up a major abortion case, the first reviewed by the Supreme Court with its newest member, Justice Brett Kavanaugh. The case, June Medical Services v. Gee, pertains to a Louisiana law passed in 2014 that requires hospital admitting privileges for abortion clinics within 30 miles of the facility. The Center for Reproductive Rights, which is representing a Louisiana abortion clinic and two doctors, say that the law could result in the closure of nearly all of the abortion clinics in the state. They argue that the law unduly burdens doctors at abortion clinics, which are often not located near a hospital that will grant them admitting privileges. The Supreme Court had already placed a temporary block on the Louisiana law from going into effect. Admitting privilege laws have been introduced in many states as part of a nationwide anti-abortion effort. In 2016, the Supreme Court ruled on a nearly identical law in Texas, which the court struck down. Then-Justice Anthony Kennedy, who retired in July 2018, ruled in favor of the opponents of the law, along with the Supreme Court’s four liberal justices. Chief Justice John Roberts dissented, along with the more conservative Justices on the court. Now, with two new justices appointed by President Donald Trump on the court, both of whom have conservative backgrounds and were championed by anti-abortion groups, the court will reconsider this issue. The ruling could also have larger implications for abortion rights, potentially undermining the definition of an “undue burden,” a benchmark used by the Supreme Court to determine whether or not a law restricting abortion is unconstitutional under Roe v. Wade. The court’s 2016 opinion stated that needing hospitalization for an abortion was very rare and that women were more at risk of not receiving any care at all than receiving it without hospital-admitting privileges. The Texas law provided “few, if any, health benefits for wom