WASHINGTON — Democratic Sen. Tim Kaine has introduced a war powers resolution to cease hostilities with Iran until military actions are approved by Congress. After 10 days, Kaine can force a vote on his motion in the Senate, which cannot be blocked by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Kaine’s move comes after President Donald Trump authorized the killing of Iranian military leader Qassem Soleimani Thursday in Iraq, and amid expectations of retaliation by Iran. “The question of whether United States forces should be engaged in armed conflict against Iran should only be made following a full briefing to Congress and the American public of the issues at stake, a public debate in Congress, and a congressional vote as contemplated by the Constitution,” states the resolution. If passed, Kaine's resolution would direct Trump to remove US forces “from hostilities against the Islamic Republic of Iran or any part of its government or military” within 30 days, unless Congress acts to authorize military action. Trump did not brief the congressional leadership “Gang of Eight” — the heads of each party in the House and Senate, as well as the leaders of each party in the House and Senate Intelligence Committees — about the Soleimani attack in advance. Trump did, however, brief Sen. Lindsey Graham, who was golfing with the president at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida in advance of the attack. House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy was also with Trump at Mar-a-Lago during the attack Thursday. McConnell said Friday that senators would receive a briefing on the strike next week. Earlier this year, both the House and the Senate passed a similar resolution that would have forced the United States to back away from a Saudi-led proxy war against Iran in Yemen. Trump vetoed the resolution, and there was not enough support — two-thirds in each chamber — to override the veto. Congress has repeatedly ceded its authority to authorize wars over to the executive branch. The open-ended, 60-w