WASHINGTON — A major decision in the legal fight to repeal the Affordable Care Act left both sides unsatisfied Wednesday as a federal court declined to rule on whether the landmark health law is unconstitutional. Instead, the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals sent the case back to a lower court and demanded further analysis. The court did rule that one small part of the ACA, commonly known as Obamacare, was unconstitutional — the “individual mandate” tax penalty on people who could afford to buy health insurance but chose not to. That penalty had already been effectively repealed by Congress. But the court punted on the broader question of whether one part of the ACA being unconstitutional meant the entire 900-page law was; the court sent the matter back to a district court “to provide additional analysis of the provisions of the ACA as they currently exist.” Democrats and progressive groups decried the ruling, saying the decision drags out the Republican lawsuit and Americans will continue to fear that their health insurance will be taken away. California Attorney General Xavier Becerra said, “The President got the gift he wanted — uncertainty in the healthcare system and a pathway to repeal.” Becerra announced he will appeal the ruling directly to the Supreme Court. If successful, that would likely mean the case is heard before the next presidential election. The drive to overturn Obamacare began in earnest after President Donald Trump took office and Republicans controlled both the Senate and the House. Legislative attempts collapsed when they could not agree on a replacement bill, so Republicans instead struck down just one narrow part of the ACA by eliminating the individual mandate tax penalty on people who could afford health insurance but chose to not buy it. In early 2018, 20 Republican state attorneys general, led by Texas, launched a lawsuit arguing that the individual mandate repeal rendered the entire ACA unconstitutional, including popular provisions such a