WASHINGTON — As the House marches on to impeach President Donald Trump, Democrats seem unfazed about the likely acquittal on the Senate side. For many, they say they’re following their constitutional responsibility regardless of what Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and the Republican-led Senate plans to do. “We have a constitutional duty to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States,” Rep. Tony Cardenás told BuzzFeed News. “We swore that when we got sworn in, and we're exercising our duty. Now, if another house, such as the Senate, the leader of the Senate doesn't want to uphold his constitutional duty or encourage or advocate something else, that's up to them. It's on us to do our job, first and foremost, and we're doing our job today.” On Tuesday, McConnell told reporters he’s not an impartial juror and told Fox News he would be “coordinating with White House counsel” on how to handle the trial. After Sen. Chuck Schumer proposed rules for the Senate trial that included calling witnesses to appear, McConnell struck down the idea, arguing it’s not the Senate’s job to “rerun the entire fact-finding investigation.” The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. But even if impeachment is set to go nowhere in the Senate, House members are pushing forward anyway. “In the end, everything we hope to achieve as a country depends on our institutions continuing to function,” said Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney. “It doesn’t depend on what the Senate does this week or next. It depends on whether in the light of history, we stand up for what's right and save our constitution in the process.” Rep. Karen Bass, who serves on the Judiciary Committee, which brought both articles of impeachment before the House, said the president forced Congress’s hand. “He left us with no choice because