As the decade draws to a close, the national right to abortion is in the most vulnerable place it’s been in decades. Since 2010, hundreds of laws restricting abortion access have been enacted all over the country, making the procedure less attainable and forcing abortion clinics to close. The US has gone from having around 1,720 facilities that perform abortions in 2011 to 1,587 in 2017 (the last year reproductive rights group Guttmacher Institute surveyed). As of this year, there are six states with only one abortion clinic left. Twenty-five abortion bans were signed into law in 2019 alone, leading to nationwide protests. Though all, so far, have been blocked by the courts, a major fight over abortion rights at the Supreme Court is yet to come. This decade has been one of the most significant in abortion rights since the landmark Supreme Court decision Roe v. Wade in 1973. Even as access has been restricted, the public attitude and openness around abortion has changed drastically — it’s represented in film and television more than ever before, it’s discussed more often in political campaigns, and recent polling shows a large majority of Democratic voters support a “woman’s right to abortion” as a “must-have” for their ideal presidential candidate. Tresa Undem of PerryUndem, a polling firm, said she’s noticed a huge shift since 2007, when she first started hosting focus groups around the country to gauge people’s opinions on abortion. At the beginning of the decade, Undem said, she often had to pull out the tissues during the focus group meetings. “Inevitably someone in the group would speak up and disclose that they had an abortion, and suddenly the air would go out of the room. I’d have to grab the Kleenex box. Everybody would thank her for sharing, and I’d really have to navigate the situation,” Undem said. “And the men didn’t want to talk about it at all. We would have to apologize profusely to them at the end like, I’m so sorry you had to come here and talk abo