Congressional Democrats filed a bill on Tuesday to study the safety of sex workers — an attempt to figure out if Congress’s own crackdown on sex trafficking websites has caused dangerous ramifications. “As lawmakers, we are responsible for examining unintended consequences of all legislation,” Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a sponsor of the bill, said in a statement on Tuesday. But Warren, a presidential candidate, voted for the anti-trafficking bill known as FOSTA-SESTA that she now worries may be problematic. She said her duty to study the law “includes any impact [FOSTA-SESTA] may have had on the ability of sex workers to protect themselves from physical or financial abuse.” Trouble began when Congress rushed through legislation in early 2018 called the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act and the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act. The bipartisan measure was designed to undermine human traffickers by prohibiting online platforms used for the trade. But in the process, FOSTA-SESTA also outlawed the networks that many sex workers used to screen clients, form protective social structures, and look out for one another. The bill filed Thursday reports that FOSTA-SESTA has made sex workers more vulnerable to predators on the street. “Sex workers have reported a reduced ability to screen potential clients for safety, and negotiate for boundaries such as condom use, resulting in 14 reports of physical and sexual violence,” said the legislation. Led by Rep. Ro Khanna in the House, the nine-page bill would attempt to study the actual fallout — or benefits — of FOSTA-SESTA, thereby possibly giving lawmakers justification to amend or repeal the law. "I think it's really courageous for Sen. Warren to support this," Khanna said, saying he understood lawmakers may fear being branded as pro–sex work. "Some people are worried about a 30-second attack ad." This bill had 10 cosponsors on Tuesday between the House and Senate, including Sen. Bernie Sanders,