WASHINGTON — Rep. Stacey Plaskett, a delegate to Congress representing the US Virgin Islands, penned a letter earlier this month asking House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to appoint her as one of the House managers in the Senate’s impeachment trial of Donald Trump. The letter, obtained by BuzzFeed News, offers a rare glimpse at the raw ambition members seldom exhibit in public when lobbying the Speaker of the House. In her note to Pelosi, Plaskett laid out a case that her representation in the yet-to-be-decided group of members presenting the case against Trump at a Senate trial would be especially notable to her constituents as citizens who do not have full voting rights. House Democrats are expected to have the votes to impeach Trump, making him the third president to be impeached in US history. “Considering the fact that Virgin Islanders, who are indeed Americans and enlist in our military in higher numbers than any state in the [union] and at the same time we cannot vote for the president of the United States, this would be a great opportunity for me to represent my constituents,” Plaskett said. “Appointing me one of the House Managers will indeed let the residents of the Territories and the District of Columbia know that they do indeed have a voice in the process. “Not only was I a prosecutor, you know I worked at the Department of Justice. I headed up the litigation against the tobacco companies and so I feel like I’m able to go up against whomever. Along with the fact that I worked in a Republican Administration at the Department of Justice. I wasn’t there just as a line attorney, I was a political person in a Republican Administration — you have the rest.” Plaskett highlighted her “long history of public service” as an assistant district attorney in New York City and having worked at the Department of Justice. Plaskett said her experience as a prosecutor concerning “anti-corruption, compliance and rule of law” could function as “great asset” for the process “conside