It was 2012, and the state of Minnesota was split almost exactly in half. Republicans had worked to put a constitutional amendment on the ballot that would ban marriage for same-sex couples, and it had left voters divided. Some days, LGBTQ leaders thought they could narrowly defeat the amendment; other days, it looked certain to pass. The debate was everywhere in the state, with Democrats publicly opposing the ban. But a young staffer came to a realization just days after she started working on Sen. Amy Klobuchar’s reelection campaign: Her new boss was not going to talk about it. Sen. Al Franken, Klobuchar’s counterpart in the Senate, had come out against the amendment in May 2011, days after Amendment 1, as it was known, was first approved by Minnesota Republicans; by January 2012, Franken and his wife were cutting ads supporting marriage equality. But as the months ticked by, Klobuchar, whose name would also be on the ballot that fall, was silent. Inside her campaign, the staffer said, it was clear that Klobuchar did not want to speak out. “I remember being like, totally wrecked,” said the young staffer, who asked that her name not be used because she feared retribution. “I called my parents and asked, ‘What am I supposed to do? Should I leave the campaign?’” The staffer knew that Klobuchar personally opposed the amendment. But saying so publicly was an entirely different calculation. “I thought, Oh, this is politics.” As a presidential candidate this year, Klobuchar has sold herself to Democratic voters as the primary’s true “electable” moderate, the only candidate who has proven they can win in rural, red areas across the Midwest. It’s an image that has gained momentum recently among Democratic voters looking for a centrist, bipartisan voice. Her outsize popularity in the mostly purple state of Minnesota has been cultivated with careful attention to local issues and a record of working across the political aisle. But Klobuchar’s “electability” is also rooted in 