Cory Booker has asked his fellow presidential candidates to sign a letter petitioning the Democratic National Committee to make its debate qualification rules less exclusionary. All seven participants in next week's debate, as well as Julián Castro, who also has not qualified, have signed the letter, a DNC official said on Saturday afternoon. Booker, the 50-year-old New Jersey senator who has struggled to move beyond low single digits in national and early state polls, failed to qualify for the Democratic debate next week in Los Angeles, falling short of current DNC rules requiring candidates to receive at least 4% support in four qualifying polls and have at least 200,000 unique donors. On Friday, the day he failed to qualify for the stage, Booker’s campaign began circulating a letter asking the DNC to change the rules for January and February to the less stringent thresholds the party used earlier this year, when candidates could gain access to the stage by showing support by either a certain number in polls or in grassroots donors. They began requiring candidates meet both thresholds in September. Booker has upped his criticisms of the DNC’s process over the last two weeks, particularly since Sen. Kamala Harris ended her campaign. The party, he said, is enforcing “artificial rules” that would have hurt successful past candidates like Bill Clinton and Barack Obama while allowing billionaires like Tom Steyer to get on the debate stage. Booker and Castro, who also did not qualify for this month’s debate, have argued that the party’s rules make the debate stage less diverse. The party, Booker told BuzzFeed News last week, has created a framework that is “going to have the unintended consequence of excluding people of color.” The letter, according to a copy of a draft obtained on Saturday, cites a group of 50 members of the New Hampshire Democratic Party central committee who voted unanimously last week to urge the DNC to “lift the barriers” on participation in furthe