President Donald Trump’s financial records can remain under wraps while the Supreme Court hears three cases to keep them hidden from prosecutors in New York and Congress, the justices said Friday. The order gives the president a temporary win as he tries to withhold personal information from the public during his reelection campaign. Lower courts had consistently ruled against the president, but those decisions will remain on hold for now. The Supreme Court will hear arguments in the cases in its March 2020 session, the orders said. The three major lawsuits over Trump’s financial records — including his tax forms, which he declined to make public during his last presidential campaign — test the rights of sitting presidents to stonewall investigations from prosecutors and congressional lawmakers alike. In a statement, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said the courts have "repeatedly reaffirmed the Congress’s authority to conduct oversight on behalf of the American people," and that, "unfortunately, the American people will now have to wait several more months for final rulings." The lawsuits were filed before the Trump impeachment probe began and are unrelated to his actions toward Ukraine. The first case began when New York District Attorney Cyrus Vance subpoenaed Trump’s private accounting firm, Mazars USA LLP, to obtain the president’s personal financial records. Vance’s office has indicated the investigation relates to alleged hush-money payments to women who claimed to have had affairs with the president, Stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal. Trump filed a complaint in the US District Court for the Southern District of New York in 2019 to block the subpoena. Trump claimed that sitting presidents are immune from criminal prosecution and cannot be sued in a state court. US District Court Judge Victor Marrero cited a legal doctrine known as “abstention,” saying he lacked jurisdiction in the case. But nevertheless, his ruling said Trump’s argument was too weak and “would con