The Senate will begin an impeachment trial of President Donald Trump soon, but so far no one knows what that will look like or whether high-profile figures will be called to testify. Senate leaders have not yet begun to negotiate a set of rules to shape the trial that will be triggered once the House votes to impeach Trump next week, as is expected. While House Democrats created a tightly controlled process, there’s no plan in the Senate, and Republicans there are split on if they should call in witnesses at all. The question that no one can answer is whether the Senate trial will keep a narrow focus, or if Trump’s legal team will be able to grill political rivals in front of the TV cameras. Trump and some Senate Republicans are calling for a sweeping witness list that includes Joe Biden, his son Hunter, and the whistleblower who first alleged that the president demanded a political quid pro quo from Ukraine. “I am going to vote to give virtually unfettered discretion both to the prosecution and to the defense to call whatever witnesses they want, to cross-examine each other’s witnesses, and to offer whatever rebuttal emanates,” said Louisiana Sen. John Kennedy. Democrats have their own witness wish list, which includes Vice President Mike Pence, Trump’s acting chief of staff Mick Mulvaney, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and former energy secretary Rick Perry. This is why other Republicans, such as Senate Judiciary Committee Chair Lindsey Graham, want to avoid the blank check approach. “They’ll try to call Pompeo and the vice president. I can see this thing turning into a circus, and I really have no interest in that,” said Graham. Usually these questions would be settled by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. But impeachment is one of the rare cases where McConnell does not control the Senate floor. It takes a majority of senators to pass a resolution that dictates who will testify. Even during the Clinton impeachment, when a set of rules was agreed to unanimo