Pete Buttigieg has released the list of the clients he worked with at the consulting firm McKinsey & Company following weeks of pressure on him to be more transparent about his past in the private sector. “Now, voters can see for themselves that my work amounted to mostly research and analysis,” Buttigieg, the mayor of South Bend, Indiana, and a Democratic candidate for president, said in a Tuesday night statement after first naming the clients in an interview with the Atlantic. “They can also see that I value both transparency and keeping my word.” The move came in the midst of transparency wars between Buttigieg and another Democratic presidential candidate, Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts. Buttigieg and his allies had been calling on Warren to give more detail about her work for corporate clients as a lawyer. She eventually disclosed how she was paid for much of that work. Warren and her allies had been chastising Buttigieg over the McKinsey work and his refusal to let reporters into his fundraisers. Buttigieg relented on the latter Monday, agreeing to open the fundraisers to media. Later that day, McKinsey announced that it would permit Buttigieg to disclose his clients. The clients disclosed Tuesday by Buttigieg are Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan in 2007; the Canadian grocery chain Loblaws in 2008; Best Buy in 2008; the Natural Resources Defense Council, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Energy, and environmental nonprofit groups and utility companies chiefly in Connecticut in 2008 and 2009; the Energy Foundation, predominantly in 2009; the Department of Defense in 2009, which included visits to Iraq and Afghanistan; and the US Postal Service in 2009 and 2010. Buttigieg had for months declined to release their names or give much detail about his time at McKinsey, citing a nondisclosure agreement he signed at the firm. Buttigieg’s campaign told BuzzFeed News last month that it had asked McKinsey to release the candidate from the a