WASHINGTON — In May of 2017, Texas Rep. Al Green became the first Democrat in Congress to support impeaching President Donald Trump. Trump had, at the time, been in office for just four months. Since then, he’s forced a House vote on impeachment three times, each one garnering more support than the last. And on Tuesday, more than two and a half years after his first push, House Democrats unveiled articles of impeachment: One charging the president with abuse of power, and another charging him with obstruction of Congress. The articles will be marked up in the Judiciary Committee later this week and then head to the House floor for a full vote, where they’re expected to pass, making Trump just the third president in this country’s history to be impeached. Then, it will be up to the Senate to try the president. Barring some unforeseen, earth-shattering revelation, it seems very unlikely the Republican-controlled Senate will vote to remove Trump from office, and when that time comes, Democrats seem poised to simply move on and focus their energy on the 2020 election. But not Green. “My prayer is that the Senate will take the articles seriously, that the President will be found guilty, and he'll be removed from office, but if he isn’t, the constitution allows for additional articles of impeachment to be filed,” Green told BuzzFeed News on Tuesday. “If the president commits impeachable offenses, the president can be impeached more than once … so if the Senate doesn't do its job and the President commits impeachable acts, he can still be impeached, and he can be impeached for impeachable acts that he's already perpetrated that were not a part of this impeachment.” The narrow construction of the House’s current articles of impeachment — they address only abuse of power related to Ukraine and Trump’s refusal to comply with the inquiry — gives Green a lot of wiggle room. For example, he said, if the president is not removed from office and goes on to actually shoot someone o