WASHINGTON — After months of investigation, House Democrats unveiled articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump on Tuesday, charging him with abuse of power and obstruction of Congress. The first article focuses on Trump's dealings with Ukraine, arguing that he should be removed from office for holding up needed US military aid for the country in exchange for investigations into former vice president Joe Biden and his family. "It is an impeachable offense for the president to exercise the powers of his public office to obtain an improper personal benefit while ignoring or injuring the national interest," Judiciary Committee Chair Jerry Nadler said at a press conference announcing the articles Tuesday morning. "Using the powers of his high office, President Trump solicited the interference of a foreign government, Ukraine, in the 2020 United States Presidential election. He did so through a scheme or course of conduct that included soliciting the Government of Ukraine to publicly announce investigations that would benefit his reelection, harm the election prospects of a political opponent, and influence the 2020 United States Presidential election to his advantage," the articles read. The second articles includes charges related to the administration's stonewalling of Congress's investigation into the president's actions. "President Trump engaged in unprecedented, categorical, and indiscriminate defiance of the impeachment inquiry. ... We must be clear, no one, not even the president, is above the law," Nadler said. "President Trump thus warrants impeachment and trial, removal from office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor, trust or profit under the United States," the articles conclude. The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. The full H