WASHINGTON — Deval Patrick is offering a blunt defense of his record as his rationale for entering the race for president, saying that as a two-term governor, he’s already proved his ability to deliver on “a lot of the stuff” that other candidates in the race only “have plans for.” “A lot of the stuff that voters say they're interested in, and that candidates have plans for, I’ve already done. So for me it's not about having a plan or ambition — it's about having results. In New Hampshire, folks know what I'm talking about. Those proof points are familiar to them and people are open to it,” Patrick told BuzzFeed News in an interview in Washington, DC. “It is something I bring to the race that the other very capable candidates don’t.” Patrick has said that he doesn’t see any part of his campaign’s approach or its message as a “critique” of other candidates. But his jab at the use of strictly policy proposals as the foundation for a pitch to primary voters is evidence of how he plans to use his record as governor to persuade voters. And it shows a strategy, especially in New Hampshire — which shares a border and media market with Massachusetts, where Patrick served as governor for eight years — for Patrick to dislodge the candidate many will see as the nameless target of his dismissal of “plans”: Elizabeth Warren. Patrick has been in Washington making stops to campaign, mostly to small audiences. On Sunday night, that included a holiday cocktail party for the Washington Association of Black Journalists. In the interview, Patrick said that as governor, he focused his leadership on bringing together disparate forces to implement things such as health care enrollment, an overhaul of the commonwealth’s criminal justice system, and measures addressing climate change. As Patrick and his campaign see it, the Democratic primary to this point has been overly meandering and has failed to reach Americans looking for a different type of political leadership. Democrats, Patrick sa