The US ambassador to Denmark, Carla Sands, a donor to President Donald Trump’s first presidential campaign, has banned a NATO expert who has been critical of the president from speaking at an event in Copenhagen celebrating NATO’s 70th anniversary. Stanley Sloan, a visiting professor at Middlebury College, a fellow at the Atlantic Council, and a former CIA analyst, was abruptly disinvited from the event by the Danish Atlantic Council, which said the US Embassy had communicated its displeasure. Sloan tweeted that it was because of his “critical evaluation of Trump’s impact on transatlantic relations.” “[T]he Danish Atlantic Council via the official channels became instructed that Ambassador Carla Sands does not want presence at the Conference,” Lars Bangert Struwe, the head of the Danish Atlantic Council, which organized the event in cooperation with the US Embassy, wrote in an email to Sloan. Sands, who is a former actor and chiropractor and a board member of major California institutions, was confirmed to her post in 2017 after making contributions to Trump’s campaign and inauguration and, according to ProPublica, being recommended by Republican fundraiser Elliott Broidy. Her official Twitter account looks much like any other ambassador’s, while her personal account is often retweets of articles from far-right outlets like Breitbart and PragerU. “The US embassy demanded that he be removed as a speaker,” Struwe said in an email to BuzzFeed News. The State Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment. On Sunday, Struwe tweeted that the entire event had been canceled, saying that “the process has become too problematic.” The US Embassy in Denmark also issued a series of tweets Sunday trying to explain its move, saying Sloan’s last-minute invite “did not follow the same deliberative process of joint decision-making and agreement that we followed when recruiting all other speakers.” In the email to Sloan, Struwe wrote that the embassy’s actions were “