DECORAH, Iowa — Joe Biden vehemently defended how he handles criticisms of his son Hunter Biden’s work in Ukraine on Friday night, one day after he got into a heated exchange with a man who asked him at a campaign event about his role in his son’s work. “Every time I've been asked about it, my response has been, ‘This is about Donald Trump, period, period, period,” the former vice president told reporters aboard his campaign bus in Iowa on Friday night when asked about his answers to questions about his son. When a reporter pointed out that was not how Biden responded to a question about his son from an older man Thursday, he said the questioner “lied.” “He said I went out of my way to get my son the job. No one has ever said that. It is not true and I never did,” Biden said. “My son speaks for himself. He's a 47-year-old man. He didn't do anything wrong.” Joe Biden had a tense back-and-forth with the man at a campaign stop Thursday after the man said Biden was “too old” to be president and questioned him about Hunter Biden’s involvement in Ukraine, saying the former vice president “sent” his son there. Joe Biden called the man a “damn liar” and challenged him to an IQ test or pushup contest. At one point, Biden appeared to call the man “fat,” something the former vice president later denied. The man in part set Biden off by insinuating that he and his son had acted inappropriately in Ukraine. Hunter Biden was on the board of the gas company Burisma, and he’s been the focus of President Donald Trump’s efforts through his personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani to dig up dirt on Joe Biden. Those efforts are now central to Congress’s impeachment inquiry into the president. There’s no evidence that the former vice president acted inappropriately, and Hunter Biden recently acknowledged that serving on the board was “poor judgment” but that he “did nothing wrong at all.” Joe Biden referred back to those remarks by his son during a roughly 20-minute, wide-ranging conversation with 