Pete Buttigieg — whose work a decade ago at the elite global consulting firm McKinsey & Company has been a secret to voters he’s courting in his surprisingly strong run for president — shared limited details about his duties there in a late-Friday statement from his campaign. The release did not disclose the names of clients, a step many have been calling on him to take. But Buttigieg explicitly and publicly asked McKinsey to release him from a nondisclosure agreement. “Much of my work at McKinsey, including the names of clients served, is covered under a confidentiality agreement that I signed when I joined the firm,” Buttigieg said. “In June, my campaign inquired about the scope of this confidentiality agreement. Last month, my campaign reached out again, not only about the scope of the agreement, but also with a request to be released from the confidentiality agreement in full, given the importance of transparency for presidential candidates. To date, the company has not agreed.” Buttigieg’s request to be released from the NDA was first reported by BuzzFeed News. "I understand why some are calling on me to break the agreement. But, it's important to me to keep my word and commitments,” Buttigieg said in the statement, adding that he asks “McKinsey to do the right thing in the name of transparency” and release the names of the clients he worked on behalf of. He said he had decided to release a "summary" of his work at the company "to add as much clarity as possible to my record." The limited disclosure followed several weeks of scrutiny for Buttigieg over how little he had revealed about his time at McKinsey. In recent days, Buttigieg’s campaign had reemphasized his desire to be freed of disclosure restrictions, with a noticeably increasing sense of urgency. On Thursday, a New York Times editorial called the secrecy surrounding Buttigieg’s career at the firm “untenable,” saying the candidate “must find a way to give voters a more complete accounting of his time at