WASHINGTON — As the House works toward impeaching President Donald Trump, Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said Vice President Mike Pence and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo have been implicated and should be held accountable. “It looks like from the evidence it’s entirely possible and likely that Mike Pence is at the very least complicit in a crime,” Ocasio-Cortez told BuzzFeed News. “And if not a crime, a violation of his very oath as vice president.” “I don’t think that either of them are fit to serve in public office — ever again,” she added, referring to both Pence and Pompeo. The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Last month during Intelligence hearings, Gordon Sondland, the US ambassador to the European Union, testified that Pompeo, Pence, and acting White House chief of staff Mick Mulvaney were updated on the president’s efforts to press Ukraine to investigate a political rival and his family, in exchange for military aid. The Democrats’ case against Trump, released earlier this week, states explicitly that Pence, Pompeo, and other US officials were also “either knowledgeable of or active participants” in the effort. “I think that this has tanked and tagged Mike Pence — the same thing for Mike Pompeo. I think that this will follow them for their political careers,” Ocasio-Cortez said. The first-year member of Congress, who came out in favor of impeachment in April this year, said the hearings over the past few weeks showed the extent of the corruption at play and said that Attorney General Bill Barr was also implicated. “Barr, as well, is implicated in all of this and it entirely seems that they are continuing to pursue this pattern [of corruption],” she said. In the July 25 call at the center of the impeachment inquiry, Trump told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelens