CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa — Joe Biden’s tense confrontation with a voter in Iowa on Thursday was all over cable news Friday morning, with rampant criticism over how the former vice president was quick to challenge an elderly man to a push-up contest or an IQ test after he'd questioned Biden about his age and his son Hunter. Biden’s fans in Iowa say they saw the conflict and mostly liked the way he'd handled it. “I was glad to see him confront the lies yesterday in New Hampton. I was glad to see Nancy Pelosi stand up to the guy asking about hating Trump. It’s way past time for the Democrats to stand up and call out the bull, or as Joe says, the malarkey,” said supporter Randy Hahn, 68, at Biden's event on Friday morning in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. But, Hahn said, “He needs to be a little bit more tactful. He needs to have his answer there. It’s just a smear campaign.” One voter, Terry Lessmeier, said he thought Biden's behavior was "kind of endearing." "He shouldn’t have called him a damn liar, but everything else he said was exactly right," Lessmeier said. He added that he thought Biden "can lose that push-up thing." Biden seemed to agree in quick comments to reporters after the Friday event: “I probably shouldn’t have challenged him to push-ups.” About a dozen voters at the event who said they have either firmly or nearly decided to vote for Biden told BuzzFeed News they approved of how the former vice president responded to the criticisms, which included the man saying that Biden was too old to be president and that he was concerned about what he had heard about Joe's and Hunter Biden’s business dealings in Ukraine. The allegation that Joe Biden had acted improperly in Ukraine is being forcefully pushed by President Donald Trump and his allies, and it is now at the heart of the impeachment investigation. There is no evidence to show that it is true. The event Friday was intended as a celebratory rollout of former secretary of state John Kerry’s endorsement for Biden; but even