House Republicans will introduce a bill Friday that attempts to do the historically impossible: broker a national compromise between the LGBTQ movement and religious right. But while sponsors want to create common ground, the only real agreement may be that both sides refuse to budge. A draft of the 69-page piece of legislation obtained by BuzzFeed News would amend the Civil Rights Act of 1964 with dozens of provisions that, on the one hand, explicitly ban anti-LGBTQ discrimination for the first time nationally in places of public accommodation, workplaces, housing, and banking. It would also protect people on the basis of sex in public places, a protection that was omitted from the five-decade-old antidiscrimination law. On the other hand, the bill presents a toolbox of new exemptions that religious conservatives may embrace: such as allowing businesses with 15 employees or fewer to discriminate against LGBTQ customers. The bill would also allow certain religious corporations to discriminate against LGBTQ workers, let staff openly raise opinions about marriage among their colleagues, and create a certificate system for private adoption agencies to receive federal tax dollars while turning away LGBTQ parents. “We realize there will be some people who are dissatisfied,” Republican Rep. Chris Stewart of Utah, the bill’s lead sponsor, told BuzzFeed News, adding that “at least we put something on the table that we agree on.” It’s unclear, however, how much agreement there will be. The measure has endorsements from the Mormon Church and several moderate evangelical groups; it had about 10 cosponsors in the House as of Thursday, none Democrat, though more cosponsors are expected. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which backed a similar deal in Utah, said the bargain will “preserve religious freedom and protect LGBT individuals from discrimination,” issuing a statement that declares it a “balanced approach that fosters greater fairness for all.” But it lacks