WASHINGTON — House Republicans are introducing legislation calling for senators running for president in 2020 to sit out the impeachment trial. Rep. Jason Smith of Missouri will introduce a resolution Thursday recommending that any senator running to challenge President Donald Trump should recuse themselves from the expected Senate trial. The resolution was provided in advance to BuzzFeed News. It is unlikely to pass in the Democrat-controlled House and would not be binding but would serve as a suggestion from the House. Specifically, the resolution asks the Senate to change its rules to force the presidential contenders to recuse, noting that “a sitting United States Senator actively seeking to unseat the incumbent President of the United States cannot claim impartiality in his or her political opponent’s impeachment trial.” As of now, Sens. Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders, Cory Booker, Amy Klobuchar, and Michael Bennet are all still in the race for president and will sit in the likely trial, which could begin as soon as January. The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up-to-date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. “Just how the Founding Fathers understood the clear conflict of interests that the Vice President would have in an impeachment proceeding, there too exists a conflict of interest for a number of Senators who are trying to become their party’s nominee and face Trump at the ballot box,” Smith said in a statement to BuzzFeed News. “This resolution is all about fairness. No Senator should participate in this trial when they are able to abuse their position in the Congress by attempting to remove a President from office while also helping their own political ambitions.” On Thursday, Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced that the House will be moving forward with drafting articles of impeachment. Should the House vote 