WASHINGTON — The impeachment of President Donald Trump hit a milestone Monday as the House Intelligence Committee released a report that found "overwhelming" evidence of misconduct and concluded that the president "ordered the suspension" of congressionally approved military aid to Ukraine to try to benefit himself politically. After weeks of closed-door depositions followed by public hearings, the committee has concluded there is definitive evidence that Trump withheld military aid from Ukraine, as well as a visit for Ukraine's president to the White House, while demanding the country publicly launch an investigation into former vice president Joe Biden and his family in order to benefit Trump's 2020 campaign. While the report doesn't explicitly state that the House should impeach Trump — that decision will be up to the House Judiciary Committee — it found "significant misconduct on the part of the President of the United States" and concluded that "President Trump compromised national security to advance his personal political interests.” “Donald J. Trump, the 45th President of the United States—acting personally and through his agents within and outside of the U.S. government—solicited the interference of a foreign government, Ukraine, in the 2020 U.S. presidential election," the report released Tuesday reads. "The President engaged in this course of conduct for the benefit of his reelection, to harm the election prospects of a political opponent, and to influence our nation’s upcoming presidential election to his advantage. In so doing, the President placed his personal political interests above the national interests of the United States, sought to undermine the integrity of the U.S. presidential election process, and endangered U.S. national security.” In addition to witness testimony and documents, the report relies on the White House’s own record of Trump’s July 25 call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. In that call, Trump asked Zelensky for a “fa