WASHINGTON — Democrats in Congress are rushing to impeach President Donald Trump by Christmas, setting up a Senate trial that could bleed into 2020’s first presidential contests. It’s a push that will set up Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez to have even more power over her party than the first-year Democrat already has. If Trump is impeached in the House and the Senate does choose to put him on trial, some of the top Democratic presidential candidates will be stuck in DC for as many as six days a week serving as jurors deciding whether or not Trump should be removed from office. Former president Bill Clinton’s impeachment trial lasted about five weeks, and Senate Republicans, who will control the process at the outset, could choose to keep the trial long to give themselves time to defend the president. That timeline could easily push a trial past both the Iowa caucuses on Feb. 3 and the New Hampshire primary on Feb. 11. Inevitably, with senators unable to vigorously campaign themselves, the battle of the surrogates will ensue. But no candidate has what Sen. Bernie Sanders has in Ocasio-Cortez. “She's one of the most talented communicators in American politics,” said Waleed Shahid, a spokesperson for Justice Democrats, a progressive group that helped elect Ocasio-Cortez in 2018. “And your ability to be able to communicate a clear message to voters should never be underestimated…[Ocasio-Cortez] has a message and she’s really clear about it.” Since endorsing Sanders last month, the 30-year-old member of Congress has already been a hugely successful surrogate, joining the senator at an enormous rally in New York and canvassing for him in Iowa in November. “You know, it's certainly a consideration,” Ocasio-Cortez recently told BuzzFeed News of campaigning for Sanders if there's a Senate trial. “I haven't made any hard commitments but … I think it's a possibility and it's certainly something that I'm open to.” Ocasio-Cortez became a national celebrity after toppling former r