A woman alleged in 2011 that Andrew Yang, then the CEO of a tutoring company, paid her substantially less money than two similar male employees and abruptly fired her after she pressed him over the disparity, according to documents obtained by BuzzFeed News. The woman was paid a termination settlement by the education services company Kaplan, which had acquired Yang’s company, after she said in a letter to Kaplan’s human resources department that he had “acted in a discriminatory manner” and breached a contract by firing her. “Andrew always spoke positively of my work and my value to the company. This changed only when I approached him about the disparity of my salary compared to male colleagues in similar roles,” the woman, whose name is being withheld at her request because of fear of online harassment, told BuzzFeed News in a statement. She added, “I believe Andrew fired me as retaliation for asking to be paid a salary that was still significantly less than what he was paying my male counterparts.” Yang, now a presidential candidate, has built a surprisingly popular brand in the Democratic primary race in large part on his background as an entrepreneur. He has lasted in the race longer than much more established and conventional candidates, and has outperformed many of the traditional candidates who remain. BuzzFeed News provided the Yang campaign detailed questions about the woman’s allegations. In a statement, spokesperson S.Y. Lee said only: "Like many CEOs, Andrew Yang has had the unfortunate task of letting staff go who did not meet the organization’s standards. The information provided by the letter-writer does not reflect the reality of the situation.” She is the second woman to allege that Yang discriminated against her based on gender while he was CEO of the tutoring company, which was called Manhattan GMAT. Another woman, Kimberly Watkins, said in September that Yang fired her from the company because she had gotten married, adding that he assumed she w