WASHINGTON — A group of Democrats who flipped Republican seats last year are backing a New York candidate to take a longtime Republican seat, made more competitive after GOP Rep. Pete King announced his retirement earlier this month. Nine of the 41 Democrats who took Republican seats in 2018 — all of whom have either military or intelligence backgrounds — have given a full-throated endorsement to one of their own: Jackie Gordon, a Long Island veteran who's running for New York's 2nd Congressional District. “We're proud to support and endorse Jackie Gordon for Congress because she is everything we need more of in elected office,” the members of Congress wrote in a joint statement shared with BuzzFeed News. “She is a lifelong patriot who has always put our country first. As a combat veteran and educator, Jackie has committed herself to service and has spent her life fighting for our country and her community.” The endorsement comes from Reps. Max Rose of New York, Gil Cisneros of California, Jared Golden of Maine, Jason Crow of Colorado, Chrissy Houlahan of Pennsylvania, Elaine Luria of Virginia, Mikie Sherrill of New Jersey, Elissa Slotkin of Michigan, and Abigail Spanberger of Virginia. “So many people thank veterans for their services, and that’s a great thing — but when you look at Jackie’s service, it’s not just done in uniform,” Rose told BuzzFeed News during a phone interview. “Time and time again, she has put her country and her community ahead of herself. And that is exactly the type of person I would be honored to serve alongside in Washington, DC.” Democrats are looking to broaden their hold on the House of Representatives by focusing on districts once represented by moderate Republicans. The pledge of support is on trend with a growing Democratic campaign to back women veterans for Congress, orchestrated by congressional members who have served in the military, the VoteVets political action committee, and other PACs that support veteran candidates. Democra