Anthony Weiner changed the course of American history when he tweeted out a picture of his dick on May 27, 2011. This is not an exaggeration. There is a direct line between Anthony Weiner’s penis and the rise of far-right media, the current state of the country’s biggest city, and the election of Donald Trump. Anthony Weiner is omnipresent over the last 10 years: It is inevitable that if there is a major political moment, Weiner is somewhere on its edges. He personifies the decade in US politics: Weiner began the 2010s with roaring hope and ended it in total defeat. His scandal is unquestionably funny — until you question it, then recognize how much personal tragedy undergirds the whole thing. Weiner was one of the biggest Democratic stars of the early Obama years. Just before the start of the decade, in 2008, he was a “dashing bachelor” who had represented his New York City district in the House for about 10 years. His old roommate and good friend Jon Stewart hosted one of the most influential shows on TV. Considered a potential future mayor of New York City, at a minimum, he was one-half of a political power couple: In July 2010, he married Hillary Clinton’s close aide Huma Abedin at a wedding officiated by Bill Clinton. Marrying a politician can be tough, Bill Clinton reportedly teased at the wedding, because it’s “easy to distrust them.” At the turn of the decade, Weiner was everywhere. By 2010, with his infectious energy and charisma, he had begun to outshine his former boss and mentor, Sen. Chuck Schumer. Late that July, he became one of the first members of Congress to go truly viral online, with a speech on the House floor screaming at Republicans for not backing a bill to give health care aid to 9/11 recovery workers — a model speech for how to use your platform to own the new politics of the social media era. Then, in May 2011, things changed. A link from a third-party image host called yfrog appeared on Weiner’s Twitter account — a link that led to a pict