WASHINGTON — Reps. Mark Meadows and Pramila Jayapal couldn’t be more different. Meadows is a white Republican from North Carolina and a founding member of the ultraconservative Freedom Caucus, a group of lawmakers best known for ousting former House speaker John Boehner and holding up significant pieces of legislation to try to defund Planned Parenthood. Jayapal is a progressive woman of color from Washington state who came to the House after years of liberal activism. She’s the cochair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus and one of the only members of Congress to talk publicly about her experience having an abortion. Yet the two have forged a bond born out of a common trait: the desire to be a huge pain in the ass to party leadership. Meadows, who has done it for years, has a long track record of stirring up trouble. Now, with Democrats in the House majority, he’s ready to help Jayapal do the same. It began in April, when a budget fight was tearing the Democratic Party apart. Progressive leaders were demanding that a bill to set budget caps for the year be pulled further to the left, to moderates’ dismay. Jayapal and her cochair, Rep. Mark Pocan, built enough support among progressives to kill the bill; ultimately, Democratic leaders had to delay the vote. It was in the midst of this fight that an unexpected ally approached Jayapal: Meadows wanted to share some tips. “He came up to me and he was like, ‘I need to tell you all the experiences of the Freedom Caucus so you don't get screwed by your caucus the same way we were screwed by ours,’” Jayapal said in a recent interview with BuzzFeed News. Meadows was first elected in 2013, swept into Congress as part of the tea party wave under former president Barack Obama’s tenure. Two years later, the Freedom Caucus, as FiveThirtyEight noted at the time, didn’t have a website or an official roster, but it was powerful enough to end Boehner’s career. In the summer of 2015, Meadows even wrote a House resolution declaring