President Donald Trump’s financial records can remain private while the Supreme Court considers a case that tests Congress’s right to investigate the president and could uncover Trump’s past dealings during an impeachment inquiry. The Supreme Court issued a brief order Monday evening that gives Trump 10 days to formally appeal a lower court’s ruling against him and keeps his financial records under wraps at least temporarily. However, the stay does not guarantee the high court will hear the case. If the court denies his request for an appeal — known as a petition for a writ of certiorari — the lower court’s mandate to release the records will prevail. “Should the petition for a writ of certiorari be denied, this stay shall terminate automatically,” the court said. The House Oversight Committee, controlled by Democrats, issued a subpoena for the records — including, possibly, his tax forms — after one of the president’s personal lawyers, Michael Cohen, said in February that “Mr. Trump inflated his total assets when it served his purposes ... and deflated his assets to reduce his real estate taxes.” The Supreme Court had already given Trump a brief reprieve on Nov. 18, but only while the committee submitted additional court filings. Democratic lawmakers argued on Nov. 21 that a lower court’s order to release the records should take effect immediately. Although the dispute began with allegations that Trump misrepresented his finances, it’s become wrapped up in his impeachment inquiry. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said in her Sept. 24 announcement that the probe would encompass ongoing investigations, including those by the House Oversight Committee. As such, records obtained by the committee now could be used in the impeachment case. In his personal capacity, Trump and his flock of corporations filed a complaint in US District Court in Washington, DC, in April that attempted to block the request and prevent compliance by his accounting firm, Mazars USA, LLP. Trump had ar