One month after the Trump administration escalated efforts at the Supreme Court to legalize anti-LGBTQ discrimination, workers at the Justice Department fear they’ll be targeted next. In a letter to Attorney General Bill Barr, DOJ Pride — which represents thousands of LGBTQ employees across the sprawling law enforcement agency — said it surveyed members in response to the department’s recent courtroom advocacy. “We found a clear and negative impact on employee morale,” the three-page letter said. “Some reached out to us in alarm, afraid that their jobs could be in jeopardy.” Under Barr’s watch, the Justice Department argued last month in three Supreme Court cases that federal law allows discrimination against private-sector workers solely on the basis of their sexual orientation or gender identity. With potential ramifications across the country, a Supreme Court ruling in Barr’s favor would reverse numerous lower court decisions that had protected LGBTQ workers. The hardline stance under Trump has meant LGBTQ workers at the DOJ became, in essence, cogs in the very machine fighting to allow discrimination against people like them. “Every response but one reflected concern, dismay, and even distress about the cases,” said the letter sent Friday and made public Monday. The letter warned that this climate could cause staffers to remain in the closet while top talent flees the department. The Justice Department workers, it continued, “believe that the Department does not support its LGBTQ workforce, that the Department thinks LGBTQ people do not need or deserve anti-discrimination protections, that the Department will be less able to recruit and retain talented employees, that Department employees will be less comfortable coming out at work, and that the Department’s litigation positions set back the Department’s mission of promoting justice, fairness, and equality.” Although the Justice Department was parsing federal law, not saying LGBTQ workers are unworthy of protect