Michael Bloomberg, the billionaire former mayor of New York City, has decided to run for president in the Democratic primary. Bloomberg launched his campaign Sunday morning with an ad painting him as a "jobs creator" and on his website writes that America "may never recover from the damage" if Donald Trump were to win a second term. "I believe my unique set of experiences in business, government, and philanthropy will enable me to win and lead," he wrote. He officially filed a "statement of candidacy" with the Federal Election Commission, a formal step in the process of entering the race, last Thursday. He is joining the race very late, with the Iowa caucuses under three months away on Feb. 3. His decision also comes after he has already filed to get on the primary ballot in several states ahead of deadlines, but he did so without saying definitively if he would run. Bloomberg's decision is something of an about-face for a politician who has considered and declined presidential runs many times before. In March, he said he would skip the race because he said he was "less interested in talking than doing." He's also the second person to make that flip this month, after former Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick joined the Democratic primary race earlier in November. Bloomberg, 77, is a strange fit in the primary. He was first elected as mayor of New York City as a Republican in 2001, before leaving the party in 2007 and winning a third term as an independent in 2009. He registered as a Democrat in 2018, when he was considering running for president. Party allegiance has already been an issue in the race this year — Joe Biden has implicitly criticized Elizabeth Warren for being a registered Republican decades ago. “I’ve been a Democrat my whole life," Biden said at a recent fundraiser in Pittsburgh. "This person has only fairly recently in the mid-’90s become a Democrat." He's also joining a campaign where extreme wealth has been a focus. Warren and Bernie Sanders hav