ATLANTA — Elizabeth Warren gave what her campaign billed as a major address on the leadership of black women on Thursday — a direct appeal for black women to support her presidential campaign, which came after a shaky start when a group of pro-charter school protesters drowned out the beginning of the speech. “The fighters I want to talk about tonight are black women,” Warren began, speaking at Atlanta Clark University, an HBCU, before a group of mostly black women began chanting “our kids, our choice” and “we want to be heard.” Rep. Ayanna Pressley, the first black woman to represent Massachusetts in Congress and a key supporter of Warren’s campaign, had to step in and ask the group to let Warren finish her speech. Pressley took the mic after the group had chanted over Warren for several minutes, as she tried to carry on. “I am going to appeal to you to not dishonor that history,” Pressley said. “We would love to convene afterward about the issue that you are here to stoke our conscience about.” Warren’s speech, when she was able to deliver it after the interruption, was focused on the black washerwomen’s strike of 1881 in Atlanta. Much like her speech at Washington Square Park in September, the speech was promoted and organized with historical references, full of symbolism geared to cast Warren in a presidential light. In a video preceding the speech, which was released in the days leading up to it, author Roxane Gay narrates Warren’s feminist credentials. In one clip, Warren chants, “Si se puede,” the slogan made famous by Chicana labor rights activist Dolores Huerta. “I’ve been called persistent in my time — and I love it. But understand this: The persistence of generations of black women, and black people in America, up to and including many people in this crowd tonight, is the true story of American persistence,” Warren told the audience while standing next to a black and mint green “value the work of black women” sign. A Warren campaign official told BuzzFeed