Facebook told BuzzFeed News in November that it would be removing content that featured the name of the CIA officer and former National Security Council staffer whom prominent Republicans have claimed for months is the whistleblower whose anonymous complaint sparked the president’s impeachment. Except the name is still all over the platform. The CIA analyst's name is regularly shared to Facebook in headlines and URLs written by pro-Trump media outlets. A Facebook spokesperson reiterated on Thursday that any mention of the name of the person believed to be the whistleblower violates its coordinating harm policy, which prohibits the “outing of [a] witness, informant, or activist.” The spokesperson said that even including the name in a URL shared in a post violates the site’s policies. But content featuring the name of the CIA analyst continues to go viral on the platform. When asked how Facebook planned to moderate the thousands of links containing the whistleblower’s name posted to the platform, the spokesperson said they would be removed as the site identified them. But there doesn’t seem to be any moderation of URLs containing the CIA analyst’s name. Making matters worse, if a user were to search the name circulating in right-wing media currently, Facebook’s search feature pulls up posts that include URLs that include the supposed whistleblower’s name. According to social metrics website, BuzzSumo, the four most-shared public Facebook posts containing the supposed whistleblower’s name — usually in the URL or headline of a third-party link — were all published by American conservative activist group Judicial Watch. Their posts have been shared a collective 25,000 times since November. Unlike other outlets, which have not been able to verify the identity of the whistleblower and have refrained from speculating about the person's identify, right-wing news site the Washington Examiner has frequently published the name of a CIA analyst claimed by some to be the whistle