WASHINGTON — In testimony to Congress Wednesday, the US ambassador to the European Union said that President Donald Trump, through lawyer Rudy Giuliani, explicitly ordered a specific "quid pro quo" deal with Ukraine to get the country to investigate Joe Biden and the 2016 US election in exchange for public support from the United States. Sondland also said he came to believe that US military aid to Ukraine was tied to that investigation request as well."Mr. Giuliani’s requests were a quid pro quo for arranging a White House visit for President Zelensky," Ambassador Gordon Sondland told the House Intelligence Committee in his opening statement. "Mr. Giuliani demanded that Ukraine make a public statement announcing investigations of the 2016 election/DNC server and Burisma."The "2016 election/DNC server" referenced by Sondland is a conspiracy theory that Democrats colluded with Ukrainian nationals to delegitimize Trump's 2016 presidential win. Burisma is a Ukrainian gas company where Biden’s son Hunter served on the board.Sondland said that he believed that the suspension of US military aid to Ukraine was due to the fact that, at the time, the Ukrainian government had not publicly announced these investigations."I was adamantly opposed to any suspension of aid, as the Ukrainians needed those funds to fight against Russian aggression," Sondland told members of Congress. "I tried diligently to ask why the aid was suspended, but I never received a clear answer, still to this day.""In the absence of any credible explanation for the suspension of aid, I later came to believe that the resumption of security aid would not occur until there was a public statement from Ukraine committing to the investigations of the 2016 election and Burisma, as Mr. Giuliani had demanded." Sondland explicitly stated that Trump was the driving force behind the demand for investigations. "Mr. Giuliani was expressing the desires of the president of the United States, and we knew that these invest