Pete Buttigieg has not been central to any of the Democratic presidential debates so far this year. That's likely to change tonight. Buttigieg — the South Bend mayor who rose from more-or-less nowhere this past spring, slipped back a bit in the summer, and now looks like a front-runner for the Iowa caucuses — is coming into the fifth primary debate amid a resurgence. The top three national polling leaders have been consistent for months: Joe Biden, followed by Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders. Buttigieg is now explicitly arguing that he should be considered right up there with them, in one instance even saying he's now part of a two-person race with Warren. The debate is also being held in Atlanta, a city with a strong black population, days after another state poll (this one in South Carolina) shows Buttigieg getting 0% support from black voters. If this is going to be a debate where Buttigieg cements his rise, he's got a lot of pressure on him to prove why voters outside Iowa should hear him out. And for the first time in one of these debates, nine other candidates will have an incentive to focus specifically on keeping Buttigieg down. It's been obvious for months that some of Buttigieg's competitors don't love the idea that they're being outshone by a 37-year-old mayor of a city with a population of just over 100,000. (Biden and Kamala Harris in particular took issue with Buttigieg's "two-way" race comment.) Buttigieg has been game to go after other candidates in debates so far — he spent a good deal of the last one attacking Warren over her health care policy, particularly on how she'd fund Medicare for All (she now has a proposal for how to do that). The things to watch for are how other candidates decide to push back against Buttigieg's rise, who'll be the candidate(s) to do it, and how Buttigieg'll respond. In the top group, Biden appears the most likely to try go after Buttigieg, for a few reasons (including Sanders and Warren generally trying to avoid st