If you’re following the news these days, you’ll notice that a high percentage is about the New York Times — the headlines, the opinions, the tweets, the deeper question of what it is to cover the news straight in a twisted time. But it’s also striking how little is understood, off 8th Avenue, about the source of the Times’ occasional meshugas. Critics tend to imagine heated debates along the lines of ”How can we stop Donald Trump?” or “How can we make sure we hear from both sides?” In truth, the issue that dominates newsroom chatter these days is the beginning of an old-fashioned internal succession contest, featuring big personalities and decisions about the future of the most important news organization in the world. Indeed, some of what sometimes seems like Times’ defiance of its audience — its pride in the work of Bret Stephens, or its caution in calling Trump “racist” — is as much about the tensions over what the paper will become as it is about any explicit stance today. Those questions about the future are playing out in the beginnings of an intense but decorous (that is, Timesian) campaign to replace Executive Editor Dean Baquet, whose retirement, per Times tradition, is due before his 66th birthday, in September 2022. Baquet laid out some of the pressures in a recent interview with the Guardian: Young staffers who “want a more political New York Times than I’m willing to give them” and empowered subscribers who are paying for the paper to “take a full-bodied side” against Donald Trump — and whose interest might depend on that. The decision whether to accommodate those pressures, or to resist them, is ultimately up to the publisher, A.G. Sulzberger. And the campaign for the top job is expressed, right now, primarily by the three leading candidates leading their sections in slightly different directions. “A lot of what you’re seeing right now is people are trying out and trying to impress the boss,” one top Times person told me. I’m probably a bit of an odd p