Former New York City mayor Mike Bloomberg apologized on Sunday for the stop-and-frisk policing that peaked during his mayoralty and predominately impacted the city's minority communities. Current New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio is not really buying the apology. “It’s hard to believe when his approach has been proven wrong so many times and in so many ways,” de Blasio told BuzzFeed News in a phone interview Sunday night. Bloomberg's apology comes as he's considering a late entrance into the Democratic presidential primary, after filing to appear on the ballot in two states in recent weeks. De Blasio ran in the primary earlier this year, before ending his campaign in the fall. “He was wrong because he never listened. He didn’t even acknowledge the validity of concerns, again as part of his often haughty nature. He was wrong because the rift that was created was totally counterproductive and was hurting any potential for partnership between police and community,” de Blasio said. At a Brooklyn church on Sunday, Bloomberg said he was "wrong" for relying on stop-and-frisk policing, in which NYPD officers stop and pat-down people they determined to be suspicious. And he apologized for the impacts the stops had on the city's minority communities. “Our focus was on saving lives,” Bloomberg said. “But the fact is, far too many innocent people were being stopped while we tried to do that. And the overwhelming majority of them were black and Latino. That may have included, I’m sorry to say, some of you here today, perhaps yourself, or your children, or your grandchildren, or your neighbors or your relatives.” De Blasio said the timing Bloomberg's apology had an "obvious convenience." “If he had said something while he was still mayor, if he had said something in the aftermath of his mayoralty, if he had said something after my first year or my second year when we got rid of it and drove down crime, that would’ve been a natural point to say, ‘uncle,’ you know? It’s like, ‘You