WASHINGTON — For more than six hours on Friday, members of Congress tried to get Marie Yovanovitch, the former ambassador to Ukraine, to cry. They asked her how it felt to be personally attacked by the president and the lawyer working for him, Rudy Giuliani; how it felt to be told she had to leave her post in Kyiv in the middle of the night; how the upheaval affected her family. Much of that came from Democrats, while Republicans chose a different tack — dismissing her testimony as irrelevant, passing her recall off as a mere human resources issue, suggesting that she, a three-time ambassador, should be happy because she landed on her feet with a teaching fellowship at Georgetown. On the second day of public hearings in the impeachment inquiry of President Donald Trump, Yovanovitch stood firm. In a transcript of her closed-door testimony, released last week, there’s an episode where she appears to get emotional. After her public appearance, it looks like they could have been tears of anger. Speaking with the heft of someone with 33 years of foreign service behind her, Yovanovitch issued a stark warning — that her removal, at the hands of a president influenced by corrupt Ukrainians and Americans, would set a dangerous precedent. “How could our system fail like this?” she asked Friday. “This is about far more than me or a couple of individuals. As foreign service professionals are being denigrated and undermined, the institution is also being degraded. This will soon cause real harm, if it hasn’t already.” There’s something about a woman standing up and speaking the truth in the face of an administration dogged by sexism. The comparisons flew fast and furious almost immediately as Yovanovitch began speaking — to Christine Blasey Ford, to Sally Yates. As members of the public inside the room stood up and applauded once Yovanvitch’s testimony was done, people started to call her a “shero.” Like clockwork, Trump — accused of rape, sexual assault, and sexual harassment —