KYIV — Late on Thursday, as I was stuck aboard a train traveling halfway across Ukraine, I sent messages over WhatsApp to a few sources to see whether they’d been following the impeachment investigation in Washington, and to hear their thoughts on the matter. Almost immediately the source I least expected to hear from wrote back. It was Konstantin Kilimnik, and he quickly launched into a profanity-laced diatribe, blasting the impeachment inquiry against President Donald Trump, arguing that a former National Security Council official who spoke about him during her testimony as part of the inquiry last month didn’t know what she was talking about, and claiming that special counsel Robert Mueller was all wrong about him. If you’re one of the seemingly few people who read Mueller’s full report, you may remember Kilimnik’s name. He’s Paul Manafort’s short and shadowy former business partner and fixer in Ukraine who the FBI said had ties to Russia’s military intelligence agency. You might also recognize Kilimnik as the person who Manafort associate Rick Gates told Mueller's team had pushed the CrowdStrike conspiracy theory. Kilimnik was indicted by Mueller’s grand jury in June 2018 on charges of obstruction of justice and conspiracy to obstruct justice. Sometime after that, the self-proclaimed dual Russian-Ukrainian citizen, fled to Moscow, beyond the reach of US authorities. (Asked about his current whereabouts, Kilimnik told me that was “nobody’s concern.”) The irate response from Kilimnik, a mercurial political operative who told me during our first in-person meeting in February 2017 that if he were “a real Russian spy," he "would be in Russia,” came as somewhat of a surprise. He doesn’t typically speak to reporters. And until Thursday, he and I hadn’t spoken since this February. On at least two occasions before that, he got angry with me after comments he provided for my reporting landed him in hot water with his American and Ukrainian associates. But then again, base