WASHINGTON — Democrats in the House have, so far, been able to keep the Trump whistleblower from testifying and to protect his identity, but when a trial begins in the Senate, where Republicans have the power, that all could change. House Republicans have formally requested to subpoena — and tried to out the identity of — the individual who filed an anonymous whistleblower complaint alleging President Trump withheld military aid from Ukraine until the country agreed to investigate the Biden family. Those allegations have been supported by private and public testimony from officials, leading Democrats to say the identity of the whistleblower is now irrelevant. House Intelligence Committee Chair Adam Schiff has shut down Republican attempts to out or subpoena them, as some of Trump's allies have advanced conspiracy theories about the whistleblower. But if the House votes to impeach Trump, the matter moves to the Senate for a trial, and several Republicans say the Senate needs to compel the whistleblower to testify. “I want to hear from the whistleblower, I think that’s most important,” said North Dakota Sen. Kevin Cramer. In the event of a trial, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Minority Leader Chuck Schumer will meet to try to hash out the rules for the trial, including who gets interviewed and when. A majority of senators is needed for a successful resolution. Many Republicans will be pushing McConnell to add the whistleblower’s name to the witness list. Sens. Lindsey Graham and Rand Paul have made outing the whistleblower a rallying cry in TV appearances and at Trump rallies. Sen. Thom Tillis said Thursday he would not vote for any resolution that shields the whistleblower from taking part. “That’s the original accuser, right? What normally happens in any court of law? You hear from the original accuser,” said Tillis. Federal whistleblowers are granted anonymity under the Whistleblower Protection Act, and lawyers for the Trump whistleblower say outing thi