WASHINGTON — Roger Stone, a longtime adviser to President Donald Trump, was found guilty on charges of lying to Congress about his contacts with WikiLeaks, obstruction, and witness tampering. Stone was arrested by the FBI in January on an indictment from former special counsel Robert Mueller’s office, alleging that he had repeatedly lied to Congress about his contacts with WikiLeaks and its founder Julian Assange related to the site’s release of hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign. He was additionally charged with witness tampering and obstruction of Congress. A jury found him guilty on all seven counts — five of lying to Congress and one each of witness tampering and obstruction of Congress — on Friday. Stone faces up to 20 years in prison for the tampering charge and another five for each of the other six counts. He'll be sentenced in February and was released until then, Politico reported. Stone worked officially for Trump’s presidential campaign through mid-August of 2015, but he continued to act as an informal adviser to Trump after and maintained contact with the president after he took office. During the trial earlier this month, prosecutors presented records of phone calls between Stone and Trump in 2016, including a call on the day the DNC announced it had been hacked, though the contents of those conversations are unclear. Prosecutors alleged that Stone lied to Congress about his possession of any documents, emails, or text messages regarding his conversations about WikiLeaks and the hacked emails. Additionally, Stone falsely told Congress that he had not asked his intermediaries to communicate with Assange for him and lied about talking to the Trump campaign about his contacts with WikiLeaks, according to the indictment against him. “Evidence will show Roger Stone lied to the House Intelligence Committee because the truth looked bad. The truth looked bad for the Trump campaign and the truth