When Deval Patrick decided against launching a campaign for president 11 months ago, he was still high from using his optimism-heavy political brand to campaign for candidates in the midterm elections. Most of the candidate events were small and on the weekends. Typically, he’d deliver a brief, motivational homily, before hanging back and letting the candidates, some he hardly knew, do their thing. It gave him the chance to catch up with old friends staffing him, like Jesse Mermell, a former aide who is now running for Congress. Before too long, he started thinking that his theory that he could be done in politics because the country would dismiss his aspirational tone as “happy talk” — which he floated nervously to friends in private — was incorrect. He was perhaps still punchdrunk from his travels and the bearing he felt when, inevitably, someone asked him about the presidency, only to be startled when he answered them intimately — not as the former two-term governor, but as a kid from the South Side of Chicago. Those personal conversations with voters around the country seem as good an explanation as any for what Patrick said about Joe Biden a year ago, as the former vice president was preparing a run for the White House and declared he was “the most qualified person in the country to be president.” With the pace of change, Patrick wondered, the range of challenges from all over the world, and an increasing number of Americans unsure about the economy and who feel that government is not responding to them, how could anyone profess to know the job of the presidency? Casually offering that he had spoken with Barack Obama about that topic the day after Biden made the declaration, Patrick told BuzzFeed News last December, “The strange thing about being president is you really can't know the job until you have it. You can imagine it, you can project yourself in it, [or] work nearby. But until you have to make those kinds of decisions and carry that kind of weight you 