LAS VEGAS, Nevada — Maria des Angeles Palomo, 54, hadn’t been to a political rally in more than a decade. But on Sunday, she was at an entirely Spanish-language town hall in Las Vegas for Bernie Sanders’ presidential campaign, reconsidering a candidate she passed over for Hillary Clinton in 2016. “I liked going to the event and seeing the effort they made to speak in Spanish, to let the Hispanic community feel a part of the conversation,” she said after the event, in Spanish. “I hope to see Bernie doing more of this.” Palomo was at the town hall with her daughter, Genesis Palomo, 23, and her son Luis, 31, who convinced her to go — they were both excited to see the event headliner, Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, and are both Sanders supporters eager for their mom to have the chance to connect with their candidate's campaign in her first language. “My mom, she was for Hillary because that’s all she knew. Of course the media controls what they see on Univision and Telemundo,” Luis said, adding, “When I tell her about Bernie, she’s like, ‘Well, they don’t talk about it on Univision; they don’t talk about it on Telemundo.’” The entirely Spanish-language town hall, drawing 173 people to a small event space at the Parkdale Recreation and Senior Center in Las Vegas, was the first campaign event of its kind in a crowded Democratic primary with a historically diverse field of candidates vying for voters in Nevada, where the third voting day of the primary season will take place on Feb. 22. The campaign plans to hold more Spanish-language events going forward as part of their Latino outreach strategy, particularly as part of an effort to connect with mostly Spanish-speaking Latino voters who don’t normally have a chance to directly engage with campaigns in their first language. They also pointed to multilingual Loteria events they’ve held in Iowa, to draw both primarily English- and Spanish-speaking Latinos. “Bernie knows that he’s not going to be able get all of these things 