WASHINGTON — Just over 20 years ago, Rep. Pete King, a New York Republican, broke from his party and voted against impeaching President Bill Clinton. King, now 75, plans to vote no on another impeachment right before he exits Congress. On Wednesday morning, King was waiting in his office for the live impeachment hearings to start, tilting his head to look past me at the big-screen TV every now and then. King, who said he’s supporting President Donald Trump’s reelection and voting against impeachment, thinks he’s on the side of the general public. “I think the average person thinks it was wrong to impeach Bill Clinton,” he said. “And I think that — unless something dramatic comes out or President Trump does something else — they’re going to say this was an overreach by the Democrats.” Flanked by photos of his daughter standing with former president Richard Nixon and dozens of other framed photos of Democratic and Republican politicians, King partially blamed a climate of peak partisanship for his decision to retire next year. “That’s a good example of how people started getting crazy then,” King told BuzzFeed News, pointing to a 1997 photo of him and then-president Clinton. “He invited me to a Super Bowl party at the White House. The right wing went crazy. Talk radio was attacking me. I was a traitor. How could I be in the same room as Bill Clinton? I mean, if President Obama invited me to a Kwanzaa party, I’d go. I mean, you just do it, you know?” The way he tells it, things have gotten worse. Two days earlier, King announced he wouldn’t run for reelection after serving 28 years in the House of Representatives. Hours later, Sen. Chuck Schumer, a Democrat, put out a tribute in honor of the outgoing representative and praised his bipartisanship. The statement was met with backlash from the left, urging the senator to “delete this, Schumer” and quote tweets that said, "SERIOUSLY SCHUMER?" “It means that we are much more divided than we ever were as a country,” King sai