WASHINGTON — For nearly two months, Republicans in Congress have been arguing that impeachment hearings — if they had to be held at all — needed to be held publicly. The depositions going on behind closed doors, they argued, were a “Soviet-style impeachment inquiry” happening in a “chamber of secrets.” On Wednesday, their wish was granted. At 10 a.m., live on television, the first public hearings of the impeachment inquiry began. By lunchtime, the new GOP line had emerged: The hearings are boring. “I don’t know about you, but it’s hard for me to stay awake and listen to all of this,” Rep. Mark Meadows, a close ally of President Donald Trump’s, told reporters when he emerged from the room just before 12:30 p.m. “This is horribly boring... #Snoozefest,” Eric Trump, the president’s son, tweeted about two hours into the hearing. Breitbart, a far-right website, proclaimed it on its homepage. “BORING: 90 MINUTES BEFORE QUESTIONS BEGIN,” it read. “First Hour Fail: Democrats’ ‘Blockbuster’ Opening Hour Fizzles.” White House press secretary Stephanie Grisham tweeted, “This sham hearing is not only boring, it is a colossal waste of taxpayer time & money,” noting that Trump was “working” rather than watching the hearings and “the dems should follow his lead!” Trump, for his part, said he was “too busy to watch it,” he told reporters, though his Twitter account was active and retweeting Republican supporters in Congress who were defending him. [The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.] There was at least one bombshell moment in the early hours of testimony and questioning, however. For the first time, Bill Taylor, the top US diplomat in Ukraine, revealed that a member of his staff overheard Trump on the phone with Gordon Sondland, the US ambassador to the European Union, asking about “