WASHINGTON — The House of Representatives is set to hold its first public hearings as part of its impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump Wednesday, where Intelligence Committee members will question witnesses about the still-unfolding Ukraine saga at the heart of the investigation. Since officially launching the inquiry in September, Democrats have been solely focused on Ukraine, setting aside earlier investigations related to former special counsel Robert Mueller’s report and dismissing other allegations against Trump — including sexual assault and other misconduct. But as the investigation has barreled forward, progressive activists and left-leaning members of Congress have argued that, when the inquiry concludes and it comes time to write articles of impeachment, the resolution should be more expansive than just Ukraine and written to include earlier investigations, violations of the emoluments clause, and the president’s history of racism. In a Dear Colleague letter released Tuesday morning, Intelligence Chair Adam Schiff outlined the three questions the committee will aim to answer in the public hearings: 1. Did the President request that a foreign leader and government initiate investigations to benefit the President’s personal political interests in the United States, including an investigation related to the President’s political rival and potential opponent in the 2020 U.S. presidential election? 2. Did the President—directly or through agents—seek to use the power of the Office of the President and other instruments of the federal government in other ways to apply pressure on the head of state and government of Ukraine to advance the President’s personal political interests, including by leveraging an Oval Office meeting desired by the President of Ukraine or by withholding U.S. military assistance to Ukraine? 3. Did the President and his Administration seek to obstruct, suppress or cover up information to conceal from the Congress and the America