TALLAHASSEE, Florida — Four men with connections in Florida politics are at the center of the international quid pro quo scandal that launched a federal investigation and an impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump. But the investigation has hardly made a dent in Florida’s capital, despite the men’s ties to state officials including the governor, several insiders told BuzzFeed News. There’s one overarching reason for that: They say allegations of corruption and shady characters bidding for influence are already so pervasive in the world of Florida politics. “We have colorful people in Florida,” said Mac Stipanovich, a veteran Republican consultant and lobbyist. “It is certainly not unknown in Florida politics that someone who appears to be above board turns out to be skeevier than you would have thought in the beginning. As a matter of fact, it happens with some frequency in Florida. As a result, it is hardly earth-shattering.” “There are more than an average number of scammers, posers, and bad guys in Florida,” he said. Federal investigators and lawmakers scrutinizing Rudy Giuliani’s back-channel campaign in Ukraine have, for weeks, been circling in on the actions of Lev Parnas, Igor Fruman, David Correia, and Andrey Kukushkin. All four have been arrested on charges of campaign finance violations and could face further charges on financial crimes. Parnas and Fruman are longtime Giuliani associates who were key to his mission to remove the former US ambassador to Ukraine and get dirt on former vice president Joe Biden. The four men, who have all pleaded not guilty, used shell companies to funnel donations to prominent Republicans, including Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis and Sen. Rick Scott, and attempted to become investors in medical marijuana companies. DeSantis and Scott returned the donations after they were reported by local media, but in the following weeks, multiple photos of DeSantis with Parnas and Fruman surfaced — at campaign events and election night 