ATLANTA — President Donald Trump brought some of his best-known black supporters to Atlanta to launch the “Black Voices for Trump" coalition on Friday, lavishing praise on his allies and decrying the Democratic Party as being corrupt and disloyal to black voters at a rally in a midsize ballroom. But first he had a question. “What do you prefer?” Trump asked a mostly black audience here in the shadow of the cavernous Mercedes-Benz Stadium. “'Blacks for Trump' or 'African Americans for Trump'?” “Blaaaaaaaaaacks!” someone screeched. One observer remarked: “'African Americans for Trump' — that don’t roll off the tongue” how Trump likes. Then a “Blacks for Trump” chant broke out. With that, the president launched into a long plea for his black supporters to bring more black votes to his reelection campaign. He made an appeal to black men in particular. “The Democratic Party left you," he said. "Today we say: Welcome to the Republican Party." Supporters interpreted Trump’s speech — and those from his allies that preceded it — as a challenge to attract black men based on the president’s record on jobs, criminal justice, and what some of his strongest black supporters say is years of neglect and failed policies from the Democratic Party. Trump’s reelection campaign showcased Housing Secretary Ben Carson, the only black cabinet secretary in Trump’s administration (“Be missionaries,” Carson asked of the audience), Kentucky Attorney General–Elect Daniel Cameron, and a black business owner. “The message that is being spewed on the Democratic side is primarily focused on the female vote,” said Janelle King, an entrepreneur who was invited to speak by Trump. “They know that a majority of the votes come from black women, so they isolate the black men, and they’ve been that way for a number of years. I’m all for black girl magic and women’s empowerment, but we can't say that and then completely remove black men. It’s time for the whole family to be [active].” Flanked by her husband