WASHINGTON — Despite loudly criticizing the closed-doors secrecy of the impeachment inquiry, Senate Republicans widely say they will not watch the public hearings next week. Some said they would be too busy, others cited a lack of faith in the inquiry itself. Sen. Richard Shelby argued it would be inappropriate to watch the hearings since impeachment will likely lead to a trial before the Senate. “I wouldn’t want to see that,” he said of the hearings. “That wouldn’t affect me at all.” For weeks, the GOP’s main line of attack focused on the House Intelligence Committee holding secret meetings which the public and Trump’s own lawyers could not watch. (That escalated when House Republicans stormed into the classified briefing room where the impeachment investigation is happening.) But as Democrats have started to open up and make the inquiry public, Republicans have struggled to switch from talking about process to talking about the substance of the allegations — that President Donald Trump asked the Ukrainian president for help digging up dirt on his political rivals in exchange for military aid. It hasn’t helped that there’s been a stream of bad news for the president coming out of the hearings. First, the committees began releasing transcripts of officials who testified they believed Trump demanded a political quid pro quo from Ukraine. The most recent blow came this week when investigators revealed that US Ambassador to the European Union Gordon Sondland, a mega-donor to Trump, admitted he had told Ukrainian officials they would need to publicly launch an investigation into former vice president Joe Biden’s family in order for Trump to approve hundreds of millions of dollars in military aid, reversing his own earlier testimony in the House. But many Republican senators won’t comment on these developments because they say they’ve been too busy to read the transcripts. “I’m going to do nothing on the House’s schedule, they’ve been obstructive all the way through,” sa