WASHINGTON — After months of infighting (often about impeachment), the Democratic Party has been mostly unified since the House formally began its inquiry into President Donald Trump in late September. Last week, they lost just two votes on a resolution affirming their inquiry and outlining its next steps. Witnesses are testifying nearly every day, and the investigation is moving forward toward a likely vote to impeach Trump. But as that vote inches closer, the cracks in the party are (inevitably) starting to show, and a fight over what’s in the articles of impeachment themselves has begun in earnest. “Some people may want to try and charge everything the president has done wrong over the course of his career, and obviously we can’t do that,” Rep. Jamie Raskin, a longtime impeachment supporter who sits on the Judiciary and Oversight committees, said in an interview with BuzzFeed News Thursday. Others, he said, want to focus more narrowly. “Some people may want to try to blank out the whole pattern and system of corruption to just focus on one event. That might be placing things at too microscopic a level. We have to try to tell a comprehensive story faithfully while at the same time zeroing in on the criminal charges where we think the evidence is decisive and irrefutable,” Raskin said. Raskin stressed that the articles have not yet been written and that the House is still in a “fact-finding phase.” But as of now, Democratic members and aides say articles of impeachment will definitely include an article related to Trump’s dealings with Ukraine and the alleged quid pro quo at the center of the inquiry, in addition to obstruction of Congress (many members of the administration have defied congressional subpoenas under orders from the White House). But some members of the caucus want to go further, arguing that the articles should also include other allegations against Trump, like claims of sexual assault and his continued stake in his DC hotel (Democrats allege he’s 