On the last Saturday in October, in the small town of Blackstock, South Carolina, Tulsi Gabbard — dressed, as she frequently is, in white — sat in a seafood restaurant. She listened attentively while members of the state Democratic Party’s rural and black caucuses met as part of a listening tour. This was a meeting mostly about local issues, and though Gabbard had earlier made some remarks, she was now quiet and took notes, occasionally tapping on her phone. She was the only presidential candidate there, though other campaigns had put up signs or sent representatives. After the meeting was finished, she stayed and shook hands, the very picture of a candidate doing basic, non-flashy retail politics. The appearance wasn’t designed for cameras or attention — Gabbard’s campaign hadn’t even put the event on her press advisory, though a few reporters showed up anyway. It was an average day on the campaign trail, but Gabbard’s campaign isn’t average. The weekend trip to South Carolina came in the midst of a bitter public feud with her party’s last presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, over Clinton accusing Gabbard of being a Republican plant being “groomed” for a third-party run. The tiff has elevated Gabbard as she positions herself as the primary’s anti-Clinton and channels resentment with the last campaign. She’s suddenly close to qualifying for the next presidential debate and running neck-and-neck in the lower tier with candidates like Kamala Harris. Gabbard insists that despite her fight with her party’s establishment, she’d never split off from the Democratic primary to run a third-party campaign. Those declarations have many high-profile doubters. But in the absence of hard evidence that she’s part of a nefarious plot, what if we took Tulsi Gabbard at her word? What if this campaign is really about what she says it’s about? Gabbard has consistently been portrayed in the media as an enigmatic figure, someone whose motivations are unclear and who must be hiding some