Several hours into her testimony to impeachment investigators, Marie Yovanovitch, the former US ambassador to Ukraine, breaks down. She asks to take a minute, and once she’s collected herself, an aide to the House committee says, “We understand this is a difficult and emotional topic.” Minutes earlier, Yovanovitch, had recounted the rush with which she was recalled from her post by President Donald Trump — the calls from senior State Department staff in the middle of the night telling her she’d “need to come home on the next plane,” that they were concerned for her safety. She repeats, as she does over and over again, in her more than 300 pages of testimony released Monday, that it all left her “shocked.” Days after leaving Kyiv, following a public vilification campaign led by former Ukrainian prosecutor Yuriy Lutsenko and Rudy Giuliani (and amplified by Donald Trump Jr.), she finally makes it to the State Department offices in DC, where she meets Assistant Secretary Phil Reeker and then–deputy secretary John Sullivan, who apologizes for what is happening to her. “What have I done wrong?” she asks. “He repeated what Phil had already told me, which is that this was coming from President Trump, this was, you know, final, and that I — that the reason they pulled me back is that they were worried that if I wasn't, you know, physically out of Ukraine, that there would be, you know, some sort of public either tweet or something else from the White House,” Yovanovitch tells the room. “And so this was to make sure that I would be treated with as much respect as possible.” Minutes later, she falls apart. Yovanovitch’s testimony is many things: a roadmap to Giuliani’s parallel diplomacy, an inside look at how Republican members of Congress are treating the inquiry, a crash course in Ukrainian politics. But more than anything, it is a revelation of how at least one entire section of the US government — in this case, the State Department — has come to live in total fear of the 