WASHINGTON — Jennifer Riley Collins, a Democrat running for attorney general in Mississippi, has the chance to make history this week as Mississippi’s first black woman elected to statewide office. But Riley Collins has shied away from an emphasis on the history-making prospects of her candidacy, choosing instead to focus more on the unifying role she wants to play in bringing together communities across racial lines. “They have to know that hope is on the ballot,” Riley Collins told BuzzFeed News on Monday. “That’s why I say to them all the time, ‘Hope is on the ballot and her name is Jennifer Riley Collins.’” Riley Collins, 53, is running against the state's treasurer, Lynn Fitch, who was the chair of the group Mississippi Women for Trump in 2016. Riley Collins is running an explicitly anti-Trump message, saying Monday that she doesn’t understand how Donald Trump's Christian supporters can reconcile their politics with their faith. “I’m not quite sure what Bible they’re reading,” Jennifer Riley Collins said in a telephone interview the day before Mississippi’s election. “The God I pray to on a daily basis says that we’re to take care of those who don't have the same privileges that we have and that [we’ve] been blessed with. The Bible says that above all [Christians should] love, not push hate. You cannot show me anywhere in the Bible where God is a proponent of this kind of hate-and-divide rhetoric that is coming out of the presidential administration.” She added, “I'm not going to allow the Republican Party to weaponize religion.” Riley Collins is the former head of the Mississippi American Civil Liberties Union and served in the US Army for 32 years. She has received the support of Higher Heights for America, a group seeking to elect more black women to office, and from fellow Mississippi native Stacey Abrams, who became a national figure after her race for governor in Georgia last year. Riley Collins' campaign has relied on her biography as the mother of three