WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump’s team was “very happy” that WikiLeaks released emails hacked from the Democratic Party during the 2016 race, a former campaign official told investigators from the special counsel’s office. Rick Gates, who served as Trump’s deputy campaign chair, told Robert Mueller’s team last year that the release of the hacked emails “offered a mode of deflection for the campaign after a sink in polling numbers following Trump's comments about Ted Cruz's father at the end of the Republican National Convention,” according to interview summaries obtained by BuzzFeed News. Cruz, a senator from Texas, refused to endorse Trump at the convention. Afterward, Trump made a comment linking Cruz’s father to President John F. Kennedy’s killer. Gates also told investigators that the Republican National Committee had “non-public information” about the timing of the WikiLeaks releases, but “did not specify who at the RNC knew this information.” The RNC disputes this, saying it "had no advanced knowledge" of the releases. "Gates has already pled guilty to lying to federal authorities. Why would anyone believe him now?" Michael Ahrens, the RNC communications director, told BuzzFeed News on Saturday. US intelligence agencies have concluded that Russian intelligence services were behind the hack of the Democratic National Committee and passed the information on to WikiLeaks, which the CIA has labeled a “non-state hostile intelligence service.” Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks founder, announced in June 2016 that the group had an upcoming email leak related to Hillary Clinton, whose use of a private email server while secretary of state was under federal investigation at the time and who had previously deleted thousands of emails she deemed personal. But Gates, who spoke to Mueller’s team several times after agreeing to cooperate with the investigation, said the Trump campaign’s “interest in the emails was ratcheting up” before Assange’s announcement — in April and 