There are only two things you need to know about President Donald Trump to figure out his foreign policy at this point: He is a penny-pincher who hates spending money on anyone or anything that does not benefit him directly, and he cannot abide by anything that makes it look as though he isn’t tough. Both traits were on vibrant display when the US killed a top Iranian general visiting Iraq early Friday morning local time. Qassem Soleimani died in a fiery drone strike alongside the commander of a major Shiite militia, targeted as he left Baghdad International Airport. He’s already been deemed a martyr by the Iranian government; days of mourning lie ahead for the man the regime would have remembered as the hero who beat ISIS. Many experts have said it was impossible to picture the Middle East’s future without Soleimani; likewise, the repercussions of his loss are impossible to predict. US officials like Secretary of State Mike Pompeo have insisted that Soleimani was in the process of planning new attacks against Americans. The general had to die to save lives — American lives. (Defense officials have already said that they were aware of only generalized threats.) And in a background briefing on Friday, a senior State Department official insisted that the targeted killing would prove to be an effective deterrent against Iran and that Tehran would have no major response. When asked why, the official said it was because the US is “speaking in a language that the regime understands.” Much like the reasoning for the strike itself, no evidence was given to support that claim. “We took action last night to stop a war. We did not take action to start a war,” Trump told reporters on Friday afternoon. Whether he truly believes that is beside the point right now. Because in every crisis and conflict that he has faced since becoming commander in chief, Trump has defaulted to the bluster that made him both an ever-present figure and perennial laughingstock in New York’s elite circ