WASHINGTON — Lawyers for House Democrats appeared in court Thursday to implore a judge to enforce a subpoena for testimony about “key events” relevant to Democrats’ impeachment investigation — but not the ones that might immediately come to mind. There was no talk of Rudy Giuliani or Trump’s July call with the Ukrainian president. Instead, the judge heard how Democrats needed former White House counsel Don McGahn to testify about events that happened months or even years ago involving former officials with no apparent connection to the Ukraine-related inquiry: Remember former attorney general Jeff Sessions? Or former national security adviser Michael Flynn? Or former FBI director James Comey? It wasn’t the only case related to former special counsel Robert Mueller’s long-finished investigation to recently come to a head in court. Just one week ago, another judge ruled that the Justice Department had to turn over previously undisclosed Mueller grand jury materials to House Democrats. Mueller is having a moment. Thanks to how slowly cases can move through the courts, legal fights that came out of the special counsel’s investigation are just now being argued and could have bearing on the impeachment inquiry that is largely disconnected from his work. Mueller’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election has little to do with whether Trump was involved in arranging a quid pro quo with Ukraine this year, which is what Democrats are focused on, but these cases raise core legal questions about Congress’s power to investigate the executive branch that have made them early proxy skirmishes in the larger impeachment war. Other elements of the Mueller probe are having a strange second life now, too. During Trump’s July call with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky, the president’s fixation on undermining Mueller’s long-finished work reared its head. Before asking Zelensky for help investigating current political rival Joe Biden, he asked for the “favor” of 