WASHINGTON — The House passed a resolution Thursday formalizing its impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump and outlining procedures for moving forward with public hearings. It passed by a vote of 232–196. Just two Democrats, Reps. Collin Peterson of Minnesota and Jeff Van Drew of New Jersey, voted with Republicans against the resolution. Independent Rep. Justin Amash, who left the Republican Party earlier this year, joined the Democrats to vote yes; he is the sole non-Democrat who has supported impeaching the president. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced the vote earlier this week, just days after a judge ruled there was no legal requirement that Democrats bring such a resolution to the floor. But doing so, Pelosi said, would neutralize process attacks from Trump and his allies and help the House move forward. “For weeks, the President, his Counsel in the White House, and his allies in Congress have made the baseless claim that the House of Representatives impeachment inquiry ‘lacks the necessary authorization for a valid impeachment proceeding,’” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi wrote in a letter to her caucus Monday. “They argue that, because the House has not taken a vote, they may simply pretend the impeachment inquiry does not exist.” The argument that the House needed to hold a floor vote to open an inquiry had “no merit,” the speaker said in her letter, but, she added, the House is “taking this step to eliminate any doubt as to whether the Trump Administration may withhold documents, prevent witness testimony, disregard duly authorized subpoenas, or continue obstructing the House of Representatives.” Peterson, one of the Democrats who voted against the resolution, told reporters that, while he's heard from people in his district who want to see the impeachment go forward, "you can never make everybody happy." He added that he tells them he’s prayed on it and is doing his best. "Smart people always had concern with impeachment. They barely wanted to put i