WASHINGTON — House Republicans brushed off the idea that a transcript that detailed the controversial conversation between President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and prompted Congress’s impeachment inquiry was incomplete, with many of them pivoting to the line they’ve been echoing for weeks: “There was no quid pro quo.” On Tuesday, Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman of the National Security Council told House impeachment investigators that some of the document omitted important words, as first reported by the New York Times. The report also said that Vindman — who listened to the phone call firsthand — made some edits to the original record, debunking Trump’s claim that the unclassified document was an “exact” transcription of the June conversation. (The document itself made clear it was a non-verbatim transcript.) Other edits Vindman tried to make, he told Congress, were not accepted, according to the Times. But Republicans don’t seem to mind. “I’ve read the reports, and let me just tell you — it’s a nothingburger,” said Rep. Mark Meadows. He went on to say that the fact there were omissions in the transcript wasn’t relevant. Other Republicans deferred to the “quid pro quo” argument — despite testimony that Trump asked for dirt on former vice president Joe Biden in exchange for US financial aid to Ukraine — casting aside the original question about the transcript of the call. “The transcript dealt with 2016,” said Rep. Tim Burchett of Tennessee. “So I don’t see any problem with it. I just don’t see the quid pro quo at all. There was no quid pro quo. They received the funding, and he didn’t receive anything at all.” Texas Rep. Mike Conaway said Vindman’s testimony that the transcript was altered comes at a “curious timing.” “That transcript has been out for a long time and been available, and anybody who was on the phone call could have said something before now,” said Conaway, after calling the reports that the transcript was changed “unsubstanti