[The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.] WASHINGTON — In the hours before Alexander Vindman was deposed, it seemed like the Republican attack line was coming together on cable news. On her Fox News show Monday night, Laura Ingraham noted Vindman — a decorated lieutenant colonel and Ukraine expert who sits on the White House National Security Council — came to the United States from Ukraine as a child and speaks both Ukrainian and Russian. "Here we have a US national security official who is advising Ukraine, while working inside the White House, apparently against the president's interest, and usually, they spoke in English. Isn't that kind of an interesting angle on this story?" Laura Ingraham asked with a laugh. “I find that astounding,” responded John Yoo, a deputy assistant U.S. attorney general under former president George W. Bush. “You know, some people might call that espionage.” Sean Duffy, the former Real World cast member turned member of Congress, made a similar argument Tuesday morning, saying on CNN that Vindman likely has “an affinity to” Ukraine since he was from there. But House Republicans, who have been quick to side with Trump on seemingly endless topics, don’t even want to touch the argument some of his allies have made. “Listen, the guy got a Purple Heart from the United States in service to this country,” Rep. Mark Meadows, who sits on the Oversight and Foreign Affairs committees, said Tuesday afternoon. “I'm not gonna question his loyalty to our country.” At a press conference Tuesday morning, Rep. Liz Cheney, the House Republican Conference chair, denounced Yoo and Duffy’s remarks. “I think it is shameful … questioning the patriotism, questioning the dedication to country, of people like Mr. Vindman — Lt. Col. Vindman — who will be coming today an