[The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.] WASHINGTON — House Republicans want to out the identity of the whistleblower whose memo helped trigger the impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump, despite legal protections granting anonymity. Democrats accused Republicans of using Tuesday’s testimony behind closed doors to try to root out the identity of the whistleblower who wrote the now-famous memo alleging Trump demanded a political favor from Ukraine in exchange for military aid. Republicans accused Democrats of shutting down valid questions. The name of who authored that whistleblower complaint has been a closely guarded secret under the provisions of the Whistleblower Protection Act. The person, who is reportedly a CIA officer, has interacted with the House impeachment inquiry via their lawyers, but Trump’s champions in Congress say they should no longer be granted anonymity. “What do you think? Of course,” said Rep. Jim Jordan, when asked if the whistleblower’s identity should be made public. Rep. Mark Meadows, one of Trump’s closest allies, said he is “80% sure” who the whistleblower is, and has narrowed his list down to three or four candidates. He said he does not agree that the Whistleblower Protection Act guarantees blanket anonymity. Meadows said Republicans are not outing the whistleblower — they can’t since they don’t know the identity. “If I had a degree of certainty who the whistleblower is, I promise you I would tell you,” said Meadows. Mark Zaid, one of the whistleblower’s lawyers, told BuzzFeed News that speculating about his client’s identity is “the pinnacle of irresponsibility and is intentionally reckless” behavior by members of Congress who should know better. “The speculative discourse of the name of any person who may be suspected as being the 