WASHINGTON — Massachusetts Rep. Ayanna Pressley is endorsing against a House Democratic colleague and in her state’s crowded Democratic primary to succeed Rep. Joe Kennedy III. Pressley on Tuesday announced she intends to support Jesse Mermell, a progressive activist, in the crowded race to replace Kennedy, who is running for Senate. Mermell is a former nonprofit administrator who served as a top aide to former Gov. Deval L. Patrick. The move makes good on Pressley’s promise to enter the political fray ahead of the 2020 elections, while immediately changing the landscape of what is shaping up to be one of the more hotly contested House Democratic primaries in the country. The seat became open when Kennedy, who has held the seat since 2012, announced he would challenge Sen. Ed Markey. All told, there are six candidates running for Kennedy's seat. In a statement to BuzzFeed News, Mermell said, “For nearly 20 years, I have been moved by the passion and power of Ayanna Pressley and to have her as my first major endorsement in this young campaign is deeply meaningful to me. Our friendship has many of its roots in a shared love for service and a shared commitment to progressive values. I’d be honored to serve alongside her while representing the voices and issues critical to the Fourth District in Congress.” Pressley also announced her support of Jessica Cisneros, a 26-year-old immigration and human rights attorney running against Texas Democrat Rep. Henry Cuellar. (Cisneros points out that Cuellar has voted with Trump nearly 70% of the time, while the congressman contends that his district is more moderate than people think.) Saying she was filled with “pride” and “humility,” Cisneros called Pressley “one of the most outspoken advocates for the disenfranchised” in Congress. “In 2018, Congresswoman Pressley’s victory was fueled by a people-powered coalition, similar to what we’re building in South Texas. I am grateful and proud to have her support and look forward to serv