Sen. Kamala Harris said Rep. Katie Hill is a victim of “cyber exploitation,” often called “revenge porn,” telling BuzzFeed News she believes the release of Hill's intimate photos was part of a “campaign of harassment and intimidation” that exposed a double standard for women politicians. Hill, a rising star in the Democratic Party and a close ally of Harris’s, announced she was resigning from Congress on Sunday. Hill was allegedly involved in intimate relationships with multiple staffers. She admitted to one of these relationships and apologized for it. But the websites RedState and the Daily Mail also published barely censored nude photographs of Hill — images she said had come from her estranged husband, a man Hill called “abusive.” “It was clearly meant to embarrass her,” Harris told BuzzFeed News of the photos. “There’s so much that people do about women and their sexuality that’s about shaming them.” Cyber exploitation, or the nonconsensual release of intimate photos, is an issue close to Harris. When she was California’s attorney general, she was the first to criminally prosecute the operator of a cyber exploitation website, which allowed thousands of intimate photos to be put online without the subjects’ consent, and she worked with tech companies to find ways to curb the practice. As a senator, she sponsored a bipartisan bill, which has not passed, making the publication of intimate photographs and videos a federal crime. The bill would require the government to prove “that no reasonable person would consider the shared image to touch on a matter of public concern.” Harris said Monday she “respected” Hill’s decision to resign from Congress, saying she believed “she has to do what’s best for her and her constituents.” “But, you know, let’s also speak the truth that men and women are not held to the same standards,” she said. “I mean, look at who’s in the White House.” The senator said she had spoken recently with the representative, who was one of the first m