BALTIMORE — Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, and other dignitaries celebrated the life of Elijah Cummings on Friday — and, in eulogizing him, defended him as a pillar of honor and integrity even as he was drawn into a messy, public spat with President Donald Trump in the final months of his life. No one mentioned Trump by name, but Cummings’ widow, Maya Rockeymoore Cummings, made clear that attacks from the president had worn on Cummings. Over the summer, Trump had called the late congressman a “bully” and in racist tweets, called Cummings’ beloved Baltimore a “rat and rodent-infested place.” Rockeymoore Cummings told the hundreds of mourners who gathered to say farewell to her late husband that those attacks had “hurt him.” “What Congressman — Chairman Cummings did was not easy. And it got infinitely more difficult in the last months of his life, when he sustained personal attacks and attacks on his beloved city," Rockeymoore Cummings said. “And while he carried himself with grace and dignity in all public forums, it hurt him." Former president Obama said that Cummings’ voice — a deep baritone and “prophetic” — was comforting during the good times but essential during hard times. Cummings, he said, was a man of honor and integrity. Obama didn’t mention Trump by name, but it was clear his words were about a contrast between the two men. “There's nothing weak about looking out for others. There's nothing — there's nothing weak about being honorable,” Obama said. “You're not a sucker to have integrity and to treat others with respect. I was sitting here and I was noticing the ‘Honorable’ Elijah E. Cummings. You know, this is a title that we confer on all kinds of people that get elected to public office.” Obama has been reluctant to openly criticize Trump, but paused for a beat or two, as if to hammer home his point. “But Elijah Cummings was honorable before he was elected to office,” Obama added. “There’s a difference if you were honorable and treated others honorably.