WASHINGTON — Nothing kills a global political scandal like a debate about process, and that’s exactly what Republicans are betting on. Democrats are pushing a relatively simple narrative — that President Donald Trump demanded a political quid pro quo from a foreign leader, dirt on his political opponents in exchange for military aid. Republicans are burying that under a mountain of process objections. These include that the impeachment inquiry is behind closed doors, that the whistleblower remains anonymous, that the House didn’t formally vote to kick off an impeachment inquiry, that administration lawyers are not allowed in the hearings, that the scope of the inquiry is not defined, that House members outside of certain committees cannot see evidence, that the White House cannot challenge evidence, and that the committees’ Republicans were not granted subpoena powers. Republicans frequently respond to questions about Trump’s Ukraine dealings with answers about how the House is conducting its impeachment inquiry. During a press conference with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Tuesday, Fox News reporter Chad Pergram said that every time journalists ask about Trump, senior Republicans deflect to talking about process. “Are you willing to defend the president in this matter?” asked Pergram. McConnell responded: “I’m willing to talk about the process in the House.” On Wednesday, dozens of House Republicans made headlines by storming the House’s secure hearing room in a protest over secrecy. They ended up shutting down the inquiry for five hours. On Thursday Sen. Lindsey Graham and 35 other Senate Republicans signed a resolution denouncing the House’s impeachment inquiry. Graham called the process “at its core un-American.” It appears not so much that the parties are fighting, but that they’re on different planets altogether. Democrats spent the week focusing on testimony from former ambassador to Ukraine Bill Taylor that he was told Trump did demand that Ukrainian