Hayes Brown: It's Thursday, October 24th, 2019, exactly one month since House Democrats began impeachment proceedings. Welcome to Impeachment Today. Good morning. I'm Hayes Brown, a reporter and editor here at BuzzFeed News. Thanks for giving our brand-new podcast a listen.   We're hoping to use this 10 to 15 minutes a day to really cut through the noise, and the tweets, and figure out what matters as Congress prepares to vote on whether to impeach President Donald Trump. Much like the impeachment inquiry, will be figuring out a lot as we'd go over the next few months, and it's probably going to be months. So this is going to be a fun ride? I think fun is the right word. Anyway, on to today's show. We're asking, has Rudy Giuliani always been this, well, shady? We've got editor-in-chief Ben Smith here to talk about it. But before we get to all of that, let's review what we know so far and catch up on the big news from yesterday. Here are the facts that we know for sure:    In a July phone call, Donald Trump asked the Ukrainian president for two favors: One, to help him get dirt on former vice president Biden ahead of the 2020 election. And two, help push a conspiracy theory about the 2016 election. We know this because the White House released a transcript of the call, which if you read it, it says exactly that. What we don't know is whether Trump used military aid to Ukraine as a bargaining chip. That's what Congress is investigating.    So what did we learn yesterday? Wednesday's biggest news blew two new holes in the president's claim that there was no pressure on Ukraine to advance his domestic political goals. First, the associated press reported that way back in may, that then–president-elect of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky spent most of a three-hour meeting discussing how to avoid getting involved in US domestic politics after Trump's personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani, made a number of requests to Ukrainian government officials. Second, the New York Times reported 