WASHINGTON — As dozens of House members in charge of the impeachment investigations sit in on closed-door depositions about Ukraine, at least one person in the room has unusually close ties to President Donald Trump’s administration — Vice President Mike Pence’s older brother, Rep. Greg Pence. The first-term member of Congress sits on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, one of three House committees leading the impeachment investigation (along with the House Intelligence and Oversight committees). He was assigned to the committee earlier this year by members of the Republican House Steering and Policy committees, long before the impeachment inquiry began. Pence has had access to all the closed-door testimonies of officials speaking on Trump’s actions, US–Ukraine relations, and the controversial phone call between Trump and the Ukrainian president, which sparked the official impeachment investigation. When asked if Pence should recuse himself because of his relationship with the vice president, Rep. Adam Schiff’s office deferred to the House Foreign Affairs Committee, which then declined to comment. Several Democratic lawmakers told BuzzFeed News they didn’t realize the representative served on the committee. Rep. Pence's office did not respond to questions for this article. Experts on impeachment say they don’t see his presence on the committee as a potential conflict of interest. “I have not heard of such a potential conflict of interest, nor do I think it would be a conflict of interest, because the oath of a member of Congress would probably be enough to say they need to weigh the evidence independently,” said David Priess, the chief operating officer of Lawfare, a national security blog that has written extensively about impeachment issues. Priess went on to say it would be more likely an issue should the impeachment process reach the Senate and there is a familial conflict. “The Senate is when there is actually a trial," Priess said, "whereas the impeachment p