WASHINGTON — Bill Taylor, the top US diplomat to Ukraine, shared new details with members of Congress on Tuesday about President Donald Trump’s efforts to secure Ukraine’s help investigating Joe Biden and the 2016 election in exchange for US financial support, laying out in clear terms a quid pro quo request by the president. Trump has repeatedly insisted that there was no “quid pro quo” in his dealings with Ukraine, but Taylor described just that in a prepared statement he submitted as part of his closed-door testimony Tuesday before congressional committees involved in the impeachment investigation into Trump. A copy of Taylor’s written remarks were first published by the Washington Post and Axios. Taylor said he was “alarmed” to learn for the first time in early September that the Trump administration was withholding much-needed financial assistance from Ukraine unless Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky committed to helping Trump with investigations that Trump wanted, including into Biden. “[A]s the Committees are now aware, I said on September 9 in a message to Ambassador Gordon Sondland that withholding security assistance in exchange for help with a domestic political campaign in the United States would be ‘crazy.’ I believed that then, and I still believe that,” Taylor said in the statement. House Democrats who heard Taylor’s testimony said that it was one of the most impactful depositions they had held so far, after hearing weeks of closed-door testimony from current and former Trump administration officials. Rep. Ted Lieu, a Foreign Affairs Committee member, said the testimony was “incredibly damning to the president,” and Rep. Harley Rouda, an Oversight Committee member, told Politico, “The body language of the people hearing it was ‘holy shit,’ seriously.” Rep. Tom Malinowski, who sits on the Foreign Affairs committee, told reporters Tuesday that Taylor’s testimony was meaningful in part because career officials like Taylor “take better notes” and imp