WASHINGTON — For weeks, the impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump has been happening almost entirely behind closed doors, leaving a confused American public to follow an incredibly complex investigation largely through reporting on leaks and vague comments from members of Congress. That is all about to change. The impeachment inquiry is coming soon to a television near you, a move House Democrats told BuzzFeed News they hope will shut down Republican complaints about secrecy and help shape public opinion as the 2020 election draws nearer. “We’ve had very compelling testimony from a number of the witnesses so far, and in some ways, all of them would make compelling public witnesses, the ones that I have heard,” said Rep. Tom Malinowski, a Foreign Affairs committee member. “We’re going to have to make some choices in the end [but] think it’ll be very important for the American people to see everything that we are seeing and they will.” Witnesses have been testifying nearly every day, and Democrats have been moving “expeditiously” — their favorite descriptor — to wrap up their impeachment investigation in the month since House Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced her support for the formal inquiry. But the public hasn’t seen hardly any of it so far. No one can say yet when public hearings will start, but with Democrats aiming for a full floor vote impeaching Trump by the end of the year, they’d have to begin soon. “There are still a number of depositions that we have scheduled and that we would like to complete,” Malinowski said. “I don’t think it should take that much longer. I know that’s not totally helpful to you, but I’m not just withholding things, but you know, it’s not like we have decided on this date.” And at least some members believe they should be held in primetime. "Do it in primetime, so that the majority of Americans can be home watching it — even though most people don't get their news from TV anymore,” Rep. Kathleen Rice, a former prosecutor, told