WASHINGTON — Roger Stone on Tuesday lost his challenge to a judge's order barring him from posting anything on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram while his criminal case is pending. A federal district judge in Washington, DC, at first allowed Stone to continue posting on social media, but limited what he could say about his case, after the longtime political operative and adviser to President Donald Trump posted a photo of her on Instagram with appeared to be a crosshairs symbol. The judge then made the gag order more restrictive in July after finding that he repeatedly violated the earlier order. Stone appealed to the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. A three-judge appeals panel dismissed Stone's appeal, finding that the way he'd brought his challenge was wrong. Stone petitioned for what's known as "mandamus" relief, which the judges noted was a "drastic" step reserved for "extraordinary situations" where parties such as Stone had no other options. The problem, DC Circuit Judge Robert Wilkins wrote, was that Stone did have other options to challenge the gag order, and he failed to take them. Wilkins noted that Stone could have filed a regular appeal of US District Judge Amy Berman Jackson's social media restrictions within 14 days, for instance, or appealed under a federal law that lets criminal defendants challenge their pretrial release or detention conditions. Wilkins pointed out that former Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort, who was jailed pending his trial in the summer of 2018 after the government accused him of trying to interfere with witnesses, took the latter route (he later dropped that appeal). "[D]espite Stone’s protestation that 'no adequate alternative remedy would suffice to expeditiously address the violation' he complains of ... this provision expressly requires expeditious review," Wilkins wrote. The court found that because Stone failed to exhaust his "alternative adequate remedies," the judges couldn't hear the appeal — they didn't rule on