 A former top staffer at the Department of Homeland Security who had defended a version of the Donald Trump administration's travel ban recently began working at Google, according to company documents seen by BuzzFeed News. Miles Taylor, who previously served as chief of staff to former DHS secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, started at the search and advertising giant last month as a government affairs and public policy manager. His LinkedIn profile confirms the change, though he lists his title on the professional social network as "head of national security policy engagement." Google's relationship with Washington, DC, has become increasingly tense in recent months amid President Trump's continued attacks against the company for its alleged anti-conservative search bias and plans to operate in China. Meanwhile, outspoken Google employees have been pressuring the company to withdraw from certain government projects; in August, nearly 1,500 people signed a petition to demand that Google not bid on a US Customs and Border Protection cloud contract. CBP is overseen by DHS, Taylor’s old agency. Google's employment of Taylor — who previously argued in favor of what he called a “tough” but “tailored” version of a controversial Trump administration rule that barred visitors from six Muslim-majority countries — follows heavy criticism of the travel ban from Google’s senior leadership and cofounders. In January 2017, following the announcement of the original travel ban, Google cofounder Sergey Brin joined protesters at San Francisco International Airport to object to the policy, while Google CEO Sundar Pichai pointedly voiced his displeasure on Twitter and in an email to staff. Google declined to comment on Taylor’s hiring. Taylor did not respond to an emailed request for comment. A Politico newsletter announced his hire earlier this month. Documents seen by BuzzFeed News show that Taylor has been on the job for a little more than a month. His boss is Johanna Shelton, a longtime 