Submissions have been edited for length and clarity. At the beginning of 2018, I had been at my heaviest since having my second child. I wanted to feel good about myself and get healthy for my kids. I first started by making tiny changes in my diet (like substituting regular cream and sugar in my coffee for skim milk and Splenda). After the first two months of changing what I was eating, I joined a small local gym that does HIIT (high-intensity interval training). I never thought I'd love working out so much, but I felt so strong and really started to see my body change. It was a total lifestyle change. It wasn’t easy, but in total I lost 45 pounds in 2018. —sarahr4a457a1a8 Over four years I lost 130 pounds. It all started with my mom's unexpected death from a heart attack, which caused me to reevaluate my own health choices. I started making tiny changes, like eliminating soda (which was a huge help) and walking instead of driving when possible. The usual things you'd assume – like focusing on your nutrition and exercising – really do work over time. I promise. —sarahg123 I've spent the last three years making small decisions every day for a healthier lifestyle. I've been trading fast food for meal-prepped food, and I've subbed Netflix marathons for ultramarathons on trails. I’ve dropped 120+ pounds and gained a whole new world! No fad diets, no supplements, no pills, and no weird shakes – just good, old, better nutrition and exercise. The key was that I never called it a “diet." Instead, I chose to find a sustainable lifestyle that would ensure I stuck with it. Maintaining my weight around 150 pounds from 270+ has completely changed the trajectory of my life! —heatherg4baee7533 I spent years using food as an escape from my depression and anxiety, and I hid behind my computer playing video games. Then I got a dog (two puppy Australian Cattle Dogs, to be exact). They were nuts, and I couldn't keep up with them. They deserved more, and I knew it was time for a change