"NTA I think it's very reasonable of you to say you think they're gross but if your daughter (not your wife) really wanted to go to one you'd go for her. I think it's a little weird that your wife got so worked up about it, and that seems like something you two will need to work out between you." –djheat "I'd say it's better to cultivate a healthy family dynamic with shared interests and time spent bonding as a family unit and individuals rather than focusing on a single day...and I say that because the girls I knew that participated pretty much had what I call 'Kodak moment dads,' the kind that don't have an active role in their kids' lives." –JerseySommer "I disagree; Yeah, the roots might be bad, but the idea of it is different now. I loved daddy/daughter dances with my dad. They were special times to bond and dance with other kids my age and him. It never had anything to do with my sexuality and we aren’t religious. You’re not the asshole for not wanting to do it, but maybe think about how many people actually think of it that way." –WholeESheep "I can see why your wife is sensitive on 'I don't want to do that with my daughter' given how her own father was uninvolved. Surely there are plenty of awesome bonding things you could do with your daughter that don't have this weird creepy overtone (I agree with you on it, and seen through a non-USA lens it really is a very unsettling cultural thing). If your kid goes to a school where those dances are a thing, it might be hard to not participate without it becoming something that your daughter’s social circle remarks upon. It's likely that your wife's friends at that age remarked upon her not having a father come to that kind of event with her. I think that would be good to acknowledge with your wife. There's real pain there that she wants to spare your kid, but going along with gross traditions isn't the only way to do that. You guys are on the same team here. The joy of starting your own family is that you can invent