Australians are heading to the polls in a month and politicians are making a lot of promises. Here’s what the two major parties are promising when it comes to women’s health. The government: The biggest chunk of money in the government’s women’s health strategy released this month was $20 million for research into ovarian cancer which prioritises early detection and finding a cure. The government has promised $32.6 million to make breast cancer scans more affordable, saving patients up to $1,500 per scan. The Labor party: It has promised $47 million in Medicare subsidies for breast cancer MRIs, a $20 million investment in the Olivia Newton-John Cancer Research Institute for research into advanced breast cancer (however this also covers funding for advanced brain cancer), $12.5 million for metastatic cancer nurses in 24 new locations and $1.2 million for other metastatic breast cancer support. The Labor party has promised $12 million for the Ovarian Cancer Australia’s national action plan for research. The party’s broader $2.3 billion promise to cut cancer patients’ out-of-pocket costs could benefit ovarian and breast cancer patients as it aims to fund free consultations with oncologists and surgeons and make diagnostic imaging, medicines and treatments more affordable. The government: The government this month promised just over $10 million for research and education about endometriosis. This includes $9 million for research to improve the treatment and understanding of an “often misunderstood and crippling condition”, $1.06 million to develop a digital health platform for information and resources and $160,000 to disseminate educational videos to medical professionals and patients. In July last year the Turnbull government released a $4.7 million national action plan for the condition. The Labor party: A campaign spokesperson told BuzzFeed News that Labor would match this funding commitment and that the party’s sexual and reproductive health strategy addresses endo