Hundreds of women living in pain after they were fitted with transvaginal mesh devices have won a landmark class action case against Ethicon, a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. Seven years after a class action involving more than 1,350 women began, the Federal Court's Justice Anna Katzmann handed down a searing judgement in which she found Ethicon had acted negligently, and that patients should be compensated. "We were treated like guinea pigs," one of the applicants, Julie Davis, told reporters outside court on Thursday. "They lied about it and did nothing to help." Urogynaecological meshes, sometimes known as transvaginal meshes, are inserted into women as a treatment option for pelvic organ prolapse (when the connective tissue securing the vagina and uterus to the pelvis gives way after childbirth), or urinary incontinence. "[Ethicon] were liable to compensate any applicant and/or group member who suffered an injury because of the defect for the amount of the loss and damage she sustained as a result of that injury," Katzmann said in an hour-long summary of her judgement on Thursday morning. "I also found that [Ethicon] engaged in misleading or deceptive conduct." Katzmann said how much each woman would be entitled to in the compensation payout will be decided early next year. She began the judgement by acknowledging the impact complications associated with the devices have had on the three lead complainants in the class action. Katzmann detailed how Kathryn Gill had been fitted with "a large quantity of polypropylene mesh" known as "Prolift Total" to treat vaginal prolapse, which she sustained after the birth of her second child. Six months after she got the Ethicon device in 2007, Gill "could feel something sharp inside her vagina and a tearing sensation resulting in sharp pain", Katzmann said. "The mesh had eroded and a piece of mesh was piercing the front wall of her vagina," Katzmann told the court, adding that Gill had undergone three surgeries to remove po