One fan account, Xanarchy Tea, posted screenshots of the ultrasound scan shown in the YouTube video the couple shared, alongside the photos that appear when you Google "week 9 ultrasound," claiming that the images "line up perfectly" when placed on top of each other. Speaking to E!, Annie said: "When I posted my YouTube video with my ultrasound pictures, a girl — I'm not going to comment on who — photoshopped them with another persons name, year, birthday etc, and uploaded them to Google. I'm honestly really disappointed that we announced it and now this is the rumour floating around. I'm traveling and stressed at the moment so I think for the baby and myself it's best to stay in a positive environment. I really am just staying off the internet for the time being because it's really sad for me to see these things." She wrote: "These were taken the first day we met and the first few months we knew each other. Feels like a lifetime ago. The moment I met you I knew you were special. I fell head over heels in love with you and only love you more and more every single day. I didn't know it was possible to feel this way about another human. Starting a family with you has been the most magical, beautiful blessing God has ever given me." She wrote: "Today I feel a hurt I never knew existed. A pain that comes from my soul. To my beautiful angel, mommy loves you more than she ever knew possible. You have made me the happiest woman in the world knowing I had the chance to be your mommy." Back in February, Lil Xan announced that he and girlfriend Annie Smith were going to become parents, just five months after his very public split from Noah Cyrus. He shared the news on Instagram, revealing that he'd "never felt more happy" in his life. However, just a couple of weeks later, the couple were accused of faking the pregnancy after they shared photos from the ultrasound. In fact, speculation became so intense that Annie ended up giving an interview in which she vehemently denied fa