She wrote: "I’d never experienced fear like that — a sense of doom closing in. I could see my life ahead, and it wasn’t worth living. I am an actor; I need to remember my lines. Now I couldn’t recall my name. In my worst moments, I wanted to pull the plug. I asked the medical staff to let me die. My job—my entire dream of what my life would be—centered on language, on communication. Without that, I was lost.” She wrote: "I told my bosses at Thrones about my condition, but I didn’t want it to be a subject of public discussion and dissection. The show must go on! Season two would be my worst. I didn’t know what Daenerys was doing. If I am truly being honest, every minute of every day I thought I was going to die." Speaking to ET, Jason explained: "I'm very sad because we almost lost her the first time. I love her to bits, and she's here and she's going to do great things with it and teach the world." He said: "I've kind of been a part of that whole situation for a very long time, so we've had so many scares and trying to find the right way to come out and help. I just think it's beautiful. She's so brave in helping the world and trying to raise awareness." Last month, Game of Thrones star Emilia Clarke revealed she'd experienced several life-threatening brain aneurysms that started after the first season of the show wrapped. Emilia managed to keep her health issues out of the public eye for years, but in an essay for the New Yorker she revealed that she'd been rushed into urgent surgery in 2011 after being diagnosed with a subarachnoid haemorrhage — a stroke that one-third of patients can die from. Emilia went on to say that during the shooting of series two of GoT, she felt she was about to die "every minute of every day." Well, Emilia's Game of Thrones co-star Jason Momoa, who played her husband on the show, has opened up about how severe the aneurysms were, revealing that they "almost lost her" the first time. And Jason went on to say that he's known about her illn