—ktellenbarden —flute185 —t4fd500 —daniem —nilom —pattiecolvin23 —spookyfish —brennat485 —amyj49c450485 —beautifulamari —danielled34 —jessicae4b —Breton Stailey, Facebook —christinae4886 —fritzfamily2000 —annelised2 —elizhann —robotchicken6001 —tori1234455 —briannaj4 —brooker46 —rebeccab We asked the BuzzFeed Community to tell us the most ridiculous assumptions they've heard people make about the female body. Here are the wild results. "I had a boyfriend who thought that, after giving birth, the vagina stayed that stretched out forever. Like, it would literally be baby-sized for the rest of your life." "In middle school sex ed, we were taught that we had 10 holes in our vaginas, and each one of them had a different purpose." "I was told by someone in high school that when nuns take their vows in the Catholic church, their menstrual cycles immediately stop for life because they won't be having children." "One of my male friends said 'the G-spot is in the brain.' I immediately started laughing and thought to myself, Your poor, poor girlfriend." "My boyfriend thought periods were an endless stream of blood and that’s why tampons were invented...to plug it up until the stream stopped." "I was on my period and had a tampon in, and my boyfriend heard me peeing. He asked: 'How can you be peeing if you have a tampon in?!' I basically fell off the toilet, laughing, having to explain to my 25-year old boyfriend that we don’t just have one hole." "I had swallowed, and the guy was shocked. I was feeling pretty proud of myself until he asked, 'Why would you do that?! What if you get pregnant?!'" "A guy told me he believed women were born without gag reflexes." "My ex thought tampons helped ease period pain. I’m open about my pains, and one day I said something about it. He asked, 'Does that mean it’s time for a new tampon, to make you feel better?' No. No it doesn’t." "One of my male coworkers believed that lesbian women don't menstruate because they couldn’t get each other preg