"Don't be offended if somebody steers you in the right direction. Learn from it and apply it!" —Illtakeadickrightnow "If your vagina feels uncomfortably tight and/or feels like it burns a bit during penetration, masturbation, inserting a tampon, or during a gynecological exam, then something might be wrong. You might have vulvodynia or vaginismus, which can be treated with pelvic floor therapy or medication. Pain can happen because of stress, lack of lube, or just bad luck, but if it's reoccurring then get checked out! Too many women are told to suffer instead of getting the medical treatment they deserve." —wick34 "If you're doing something and your partner starts saying, 'Yes' or 'Right there' or basically anything encouraging, it means keep doing exactly what you're doing at exactly the same pace you're doing it until the encouragement stops, subsides, or they cum." —KhaoticMess "Learn how to use your hands, mouth, and tongue as well as your equipment. Oral/manual stimulation can be just as intense as sex." —mdma-22 "Do not try to do anal without discussing it with your partner first. Nobody likes surprise anal. Especially without lube." —Red_Head_ "Peeing and cleaning up after sex are both really important. It helps you and your partner avoid UTIs. Plus a quick rinse will leave you feeling and smelling more refreshed." —autistic-cicada "Wash your hands before sex, especially if you are going to finger your woman. A lot of times, because of spontaneous sex, men and women don't think about the germs we're putting in a very sensitive and potentially problematic areas." —theZiddl3r "Don't be afraid to be vocal. I don't just mean dirty talk. If you're enjoying yourself, I wanna know! I don't need porn star dialogue, but gasps of pleasure and, "Oh, wow," when I'm down there get me so hype and so turned on. Sex is the epitome of nonverbal communication, but sighs and moans and gasps just heighten the intensity." —mayonaizmyinstrument "Don't skip foreplay." —iDeleteYour