My book How to Be a Patient is about asserting agency during healthcare encounters and navigating the world of modern medicine in a more empowered fashion. If you want to do one thing now to set yourself on this path, the move is to get a solid primary care provider (PCP) — and not any PCP, but one you have chemistry with. Moving through the world without a PCP places more hurdles between you and the care you’re trying to obtain. It’s more of a hassle, for instance, to go to a specialist (eg. physical therapist, endocrinologist), since many insurance carriers mandate you first have an appointment with your PCP and then get a referral. It also limits your options when you need that prescription from last year refilled, or think you might have strep, or when the discovery of a mole is keeping you up at night. Today, roughly a third of American patients go without a PCP. Just under half of millennials go without one. Among patients who’ve established primary care, it’s rare for them to see their PCP as a true partner. And yet the research underscores the importance of this alliance. It’s how a provider makes you feel — not merely the information they equip you with — that predicts health outcomes. The usual responses I get when asking how someone likes their doctor or nurse practitioner go something like: “Mine is nice enough, but always in a rush.” “He’s awkward, but supposedly good.” “I think I’d rather have a woman. Should I see a woman?!” “When I go to my [provider’s] office, a different person sees me every time. What do you mean, primary care provider?” On the flip side there is that person who gushes about their provider, telling stories that make you think, Damn, I deserve better. So, onward and upward for the rest of us. As you begin to hone your search for a PCP, consider the various types of providers who practice primary care. They include: If you’re coming in cold, the best way to commence the search is by asking providers and nurses you already know and l