 According to Kat, the network concluded the handwriting wasn't hers and told her to let the situation blow over.  "It was fucking crazy," she says. "I was in my early twenties, and just overnight I was falsely branded as an anti-Semite." In a now-deleted Instagram post, the expectant mother said she planned to give birth at home with a midwife rather than with the assistance of a doctor, and revealed she and her husband had "the intention of raising a vegan child, without vaccinations". "I already know what it’s like to make life choices that are not the same as the majority," she wrote at the time. "So your negative comments are not going influence my choices — actual research and educating myself will — which I am diligently doing." "Just because we have hesitancies and valid concerns about injecting our baby with specific chemicals and toxins does not mean we are anti anything," she wrote. "I have a son now," she said. "Seeing all these awful comments and the things that people are saying — I can't just sit around and pretend like it's going to go away. It sucks that over this last decade every time this 8x10 comes up I have to be reminded of this really awful, traumatising time." You probably know Kat Von D as a tattoo artist and makeup entrepreneur. This past November, she also became a first-time mother after giving birth to a baby boy, Leafar. Kat caused some controversy last June — while she was still pregnant — when she announced on Instagram that she wasn't planning to vaccinate her baby. There was an immediate backlash to her comments, and many people said they'd be boycotting her makeup brand, Kat Von D Beauty. Kat later addressed the situation in another Instagram post, insisting she and her husband "are NOT anti-vaxxers". Now she's denied the accusations again. In a video uploaded to her YouTube channel, Kat says she and her family have been getting "a ton of hate" since her son was born in November. "I am not an anti-vaxxer," Kat begins. "What I am i