I was in the Taco Bell drive-thru and felt the urge to poop. Another car was behind me, so I was trapped. The urge was getting stronger, but the cars in front weren't moving. I pulled my car up a spot and ordered. That's when I knew it was over. I unbuckled my seatbelt and put a towel under me. I was half-crying and half-laughing when my sphincter gave out. Liquid shit spilled from my bum, with no signs of stopping. I had to sit in my poop pants while waiting for the cars in front to go. The stench was unbearable. The shame still eats at me today. —maliaab While getting back into pre-pregnancy shape, I went on a run with my twins in their stroller. I suddenly felt my stomach drop into my asshole. My run turned into a walk. I hovered near a curb while I shat my brains out into my compression shorts. I panicked and called my husband. He slowly drove by me, laughing. Then we realized he couldn’t even help me because the car seats weren't in his car (he was coming home from work). I had to walk all the way home with my twins, with fresh shit dripping down my legs, and my husband and mom had to hose me off in the yard. —dionafloresa I was seeing a guy who was really into anal sex, but I hadn't tried it yet. He came over, and things started to get hot. My bowels instantly reacted to his penis up my butt, and I started pooping all over him. It got on his legs, privates, hands, everywhere. Luckily he's a nurse and had seen worse. We cleaned up and for some reason decided to go for round two. He used my vibrator on me, and as I was climaxing the same thing happened: I was pooping, but I didn't even know it. It was like water. Just liquid shit. Long story short: Never eat Chinese food before having anal sex for the first time. —quarterhorse411 My boyfriend and I were kayaking. I had already pooped twice that day, and we were about a mile down river when I immediately knew I had to take a massive shit. We were several miles from the end of our run, so I told my boyfriend we ha