Terry Dubrow: I had a micro-penis consulting in my office and... Paul Nassif: ...and I was the doctor examining him. Terry Dubrow: No, no, no. He was my first appointment. He pulled [his pants] down and I was like, "Whoa!" Paul Nassif: I'm Lebanese, remember that. I don't have that problem. Terry Dubrow: And so I said, "I'm good, but I'm not that good yet. So come back when I have a solution to the mini micro-penis phenomenon, and maybe I could help you." ~ The Real Story ~ Paul Nassif: I get a call from my sister and she says, "I met the funniest doctor in Newport Beach." And then they introduced me to Dr. Terry Dubrow." TD: Yeah, it's really changed. We call it Selfie Dysmorphia, where patients are trying to look like an idealized version of themselves, not the way they actually look. They bring their selfie photos in and they say, "I wanna look like this." Well, that's a filter and last time I checked, a scalpel is not a filter. So, use the filter, don't use the scalpel. For women: PN: Botox. TD: Breast revision surgery. For men: TD: Botox. PN: Botox. TD: Brazilian Butt Lifts are a procedure where you take fat from one part of the body, or several parts...like the abdomen, the arms, the thighs, and you wash the fat, prepare it, and you inject it in the buttocks. It's the fastest growing procedure in plastic surgery and it's also the most dangerous. It's turning out to be the most fatal. In fact, it's so fatal, it's even more fatal than an appendectomy or a gallbladder operation. We think that this operation should be banned. It's just too dangerous. The blood vessels in the butt are very fragile and very small. There's a very short distance from the blood vessels that lead to your heart and lungs. DON'T DO IT! TD: Every one. PN: That's very routine for us. TD: The botched surgeries, particularly in Season 5, are so extreme because our skill level has gone up. So, they really make us nervous. At the end of the day, we're trying to redefine impossible. Now the impo