You can also read more about her experiences with menstruation on Medium. She told BuzzFeed, "I’ve traveled the world by myself, attended four universities, and owned a yoga studio and a business teaching women how to lift weights online. Now, I’m a sex coach. Because sex is an area that is so shamed in our society, we tend to hold a lot of our emotions in that area – I always say that when I coach someone around their sex life, their entire life opens up." "Like most women, I used to be embarrassed of my period – being paranoid that people would see a stain through my clothing, or that I would stain my boyfriend's sheets. It felt like a disgusting and annoying thing my body did," said Demetra. She said, "I had a copper IUD for a while and it made my periods go from painless to incredibly painful. Now, five years after it was removed, my periods are still very painful, and I have a lot of symptoms of endometriosis." "I have friends who paint with menstrual blood and give it back to the earth. I was considering other ways we could connect with it more deeply. In many ancient cultures, they believed menstrual blood was incredibly powerful. Also, many celebrities sometimes get blood facials – and menstrual blood in particular is full of stem cells and nutrients that are made to support a baby, so it is good for your skin." "People have equated it to putting poop on my face, which just validates for me how uneducated our culture is about what blood actually contains. People also claim that I’m doing it for attention, acting like attention is a bad thing and not a basic human need. Of course I want my message to get attention, because I think it's important." "I also want adult women to not feel repulsed by their own bodies. I’ve gotten a lot of messages from women who can’t touch their own periods, and I think it’s sad that our bodies literally create life but we still can’t love them," she said. "Our disgust toward our bodies is not innate – it is a learned societal be