I've always had a love-hate relationship with fitness, food, and my body. I never thought I was big or strong enough, and I seriously questioned the way I looked and felt. This resulted in a severe lack of confidence. I did not think I deserved to feel good. After countless attempts to gain weight and muscle but never really succeeding, I enlisted the help of trainer and registered dietitian Albert Matheny, founder of SoHo Strength Lab and ProMix Nutrition. I've researched enough about working out to know that if your body is telling you "no," you should listen to it. Some days you'll be physically or mentally drained, other days you might be sick, and other days you might just want to sleep in. There will always be things that may get in the way of your healthy lifestyle, so you should try to give your mind and body the break they need so you can recharge. There was a time last year that was really tough for me. Due to a lot of stress and anxiety, I lost a bunch of weight and muscle mass that I had worked so hard to gain (top-right picture). Even though I was still working out and watching what I ate, I wasn't as strong as I used to be. The gym started to feel more like a chore instead of something that I genuinely liked to do. I felt stuck. It took a while for me to get back into the swing of things and feel motivated again (I succeeded in large part thanks to my pull-up challenge), but I learned that this whole thing is a process. Your body will change – sometimes the way you want it to, and sometimes the way you don't want it to. You will hit plateaus. All of that is totally normal and okay. I'm not a nutritionist. I struggle with knowing what to eat just like everyone else, and I didn't start the nutrition portion of my journey until after I got comfortable with the fitness aspect. It was important for me to get into a steady workout routine first, rather than completely overhauling my lifestyle and changing every little thing at the same time. Small, consisten