In 2009, a man received a stem-cell transplant from a donor who was genetically resistant to HIV and leukemia. He became the first person to be reportedly cured of HIV. Then, again, in 2019, another individual received a stem-cell transplant that replaced their white blood cells with HIV-resistant versions and had no sign of the virus returning. In 2019, it was reported that six trial participants who were blind had received an implant that transmitted video images to their brains. The system, called Orion, works through a video camera that is attached to glasses that send footage to electrodes implanted in the visual cortex of each individual's brain, allowing them to have partial vision. In 2018 it was announced that a restaurant in China did not have human waiters and was using little robotic waiters to serve food to people instead. The robots wheel up to tables, raise their glass lids to reveal the meal, and then tell people to "enjoy their meal." In 2018, Dreamscape Immersive opened the first-ever cinematic VR movie experience. It is a free-roaming, interactive virtual reality simulation located at Westfield Century City in LA and NorthPark Center in Dallas, Texas. Holoride is a company working to advance the future of in-vehicle entertainment, like virtual reality experiences while driving. They used new 2020 model Ford vehicles to create the first in-car virtual reality experience in front of Universal CityWalk in LA. In 2018, Charlie Gerard was able to successfully mind-control JavaScript. For instance, she moved a 3D cube forward in her browser just by thinking about pushing it. The "mental commands" Charlie created are: push, pull, lift, drop, left, right, rotate left, rotate right, rotate clockwise, rotate counter-clockwise, rotate forward, rotate reverse, and disappear. British American product designer Marie-Claire Springham created a kit that allows fathers to "chestfeed" their children. In order to produce the milk, fathers would need to take progesti