Emilia was diagnosed with a subarachnoid haemorrhage, which is a stroke that a third of patients can die from. "I'd never experienced fear like that — a sense of doom closing in," she wrote. "I could see my life ahead, and it wasn't worth living." "I am an actor; I need to remember my lines. Now I couldn't recall my name," Emilia said. "In my worst moments, I wanted to pull the plug. I asked the medical staff to let me die. My job — my entire dream of what my life would be — centered on language, on communication. Without that, I was lost." Emilia revealed that she only told the show's bosses as she didn't want her condition to be the "subject of public discussion and dissection". She added: "Season two would be my worst. I didn’t know what Daenerys was doing. If I am truly being honest, every minute of every day I thought I was going to die." Emilia said of the ambulance journey: "They'd given me drugs so I was in less pain, wrapped me up like a tortilla and made me laugh the whole way to the hospital." She added: "There I was, bleeding in the brain, and there we were in this ambulance having an absolute giggle. They were so gracious." "I had aphasia [loss of speech], and [my mum] looked at me and went, 'Yeah, I know exactly what you mean,'" Emilia said. "She made me believe she understood exactly what I was saying. It was genuinely her greatest moment." "It's why I became ambassador to the Royal College of Nursing in 2018," she said. "Nurses are the unsung heroes; they're at people's most frightening moments." Within two weeks, Game of Thrones fans had raised more than £100,000. Emilia Clarke has opened up about how paramedics kept her calm in the back of an ambulance following two aneurysms that left part of her brain dead. Earlier this year, Emilia shared her life-threatening experience in an essay for the New Yorker, revealing that she had been rushed into hospital after a brain aneurysm in 2011 before suffering another one two years later. Emilia went as far a