—dwinchestersflannel —paiged412eeb89c —joanned4cd0e98b4 —chynawilkinson "She told me she had three layovers, so the poor woman was carrying around a box of live lobsters for ten hours." —ccc12345 "What was his plan? To not bathe for a week? I had the most insane headache upon landing after inhaling it for four hours straight." —sarasoks —lauras4e1c7654d —lailys —kristino10 —taylorp4c7128c1b —caytybrady —kiwijes —sarasoks Some submissions have been edited for length and/or clarity. We recently asked members of the BuzzFeed Community to share the most unfortunate thing they've seen someone do on a plane and now I am unwell. "I saw someone hold their wet underwear up to dry them with the air vents." "My husband saw a man pull a sandwich OUT OF HIS SHOE and eat it. The man reeked of onions the rest of the flight." "A woman had food poisoning and couldn't get to the toilet before the seatbelt sign was turned off. Two minutes later, people started fleeing from her row and the row behind her. She had so much explosive diarrhea coming out of her that it was leaking along the seats and through the cracks in the seat to the row behind. The smell still haunts me to this day." "I was sitting next to a man who I thought was fast-forwarding through all the sex scenes on the inflight entertainment, but I soon realized he was rewinding and replaying them over and over. It was extraordinarily creepy." "Last year on my way home to see family for Christmas, I noticed the lady in the seat next to me had a giant box as her carry-on item stuffed under the seat in front of her. I didn’t think anything of it and just assumed it was Christmas gifts UNTIL THE BOX STARTED MOVING! Turns out she was from Maine and was bringing live lobsters to her daughter's family to eat on Christmas." "The guy next to me smelled like he took a shower in cologne. He was joking with his friends seated around us that he had a bottle of cologne in his carry-on at security and they were making him throw it out, so