To watch the full Mystère routine and to get a behind-the-scenes look, you can watch our full BuzzFeed video here. To watch the full R.U.N. routine and to get a behind-the-scenes look, you can watch our full BuzzFeed video here. My behind-the-scenes look into these Cirque du Soleil shows was a great reminder that the performers are professionals. Even though they make everything look easy on stage that doesn't mean it's actually easy to do. They practice these skills for several hours every day, and then they perform the live shows on top of that, so comparing myself to them (or anyone else, for that matter), is kind of nonsensical. Also, it was really cool to see my progress in these challenges being represented as something other than a strict before-and-after photo. For my normal BuzzFeed fitness projects, I focus so much on gaining muscle or losing body fat, but celebrating my progress in other forms (like learning a new skill or routine) was super refreshing and gave me a new perspective on my fitness journey. I started my fitness journey about four years ago as a way to help me feel more comfortable and confident. Over the years, I've done a bunch of different workout challenges for BuzzFeed (everything from training like a professional gymnast to doing 100 pull-ups a day for 30 days). These projects were a great way to help me push myself, test my limits, and learn more about my body. My fitness challenges are normally 30 days long – just enough time to hopefully see a visible transformation in my before-and-after pictures – but this was going to be a totally different experience. Instead, I'd only have a few hours to train with each Cirque show, and my progress would be judged solely on how well I could master their routines. I'm extremely competitive, so this time-crunch made me extra nervous. Mystère is Cirque's first and longest-running show in Vegas. It's probably what most people think of when they see the words "Cirque du Soleil." The show is full of a