"In the past there was a recommendation to delay the introduction of foods that babies may have potential allergies to, like peanuts. But, there has been one good study that looks at the early introduction of peanuts to kids at a high risk of having that allergy and babies who tried it earlier actually decreased their risk of the allergy. We don't have great studies for some of the other foods, but – for peanuts – earlier introduction may be beneficial," said Kara. Kara explained, "Rectal thermometers are the best, even up to the first couple of years of life. Just get a regular thermometer and have it be the dedicated rectal thermometer. Otherwise, I would say the next-best way to take a temperature as kids get older is under the arm." Kara said that adding cereal to an otherwise healthy baby's milk at night is not needed and you are giving the baby extra calories they don't need. "Giving a baby under six months of age a few minutes to fuss in the middle of the night to see if they stop is fine, but babies that young shouldn't be allowed to cry for too long. It is OK to do sleep training – or 'cry it out' methods – after six months, but they can be really tricky depending on how stubborn the child is," said Kara. "There have been different recommendations over the years about what you should and should not do to clean the belly button, but you don't need to do anything. It will dry up and fall off on its own. The umbilical cord is an old blood vessel, so you can expect to see splotches of blood when it falls off, but if it gushes blood, you should get it checked out." Kara also said the umbilical cord can smell bad, but there shouldn't be surrounding redness, swelling, or puss. The cord usually falls off between 10-14 days of life. "If you feel like a cool washcloth or a lukewarm bath would help them be more comfortable, then that is OK, but there should never be a goal of something like that trying to bring down the baby's temperature," said Kara. "If a baby has h