Honestly, plane seats seem to be legit smaller and they're constricting for almost all sizes tbh. Again, the average woman is a size 16–18. Get off your high horse, Karen. I need something smaller in the chest and wider in the hips, this shouldn't be THAT inaccessible. Like, there's gotta be a better way. What the shit is this? If you don't think I look damn good in my fishnet leggings, you are deranged. What if I told you I work out regularly, eat my veggies, and also enjoy ice cream sometimes??? I've run three half marathons, but thanks!!!!! Still looking for one. Like, this t-shirt really shouldn't be $60. I AM beautiful, Kevin. Going to a store and discovering they only carry up to size 12, even though the average woman is a size...16–18. And finding stores with "extended sizes" that actually run small AF or just don't accommodate your proportions. Airplane seats and the hell of always unintentionally lifting the arm rest with your hips. And then of course getting dirty stares of judgment and ridicule as if you are not a human for having more body mass? Finding a coat that fits all your body parts and doesn't cost a million dollars. Buying a swimsuit and always having to mix and match tops and bottoms so they actually support your boobs and butt. Finding control top tights that look cute, feel nice, and don't crush your organs. In general, just figuring out what size you actually are since plus size clothing can run big or only fit certain shapes. And then trying to online shop and inevitably ALWAYS having to return something. Also when online shopping and there's plus size options, and yet they're still using a size 4 model...so you have no context of what the clothing looks like on you. Wearing a button up and dealing with those boob peep holes. When you get fat-shamed on a dating app. And when people just assume you're unhealthy because you're a bigger size. That moment when some gym rat just HAS to tell you how they can help you or what you can do to lose we