Some entries have been edited for length and/or clarity. —siobhanw4c48ec6b7 "When my mother came in and asked what happened, I told her I was being Sailor Moon." —erzascarletisbestgirl —lisamariek —snyderhannah42 —prncesskristyn "I was told I looked like a cartoon gag because my feet went straight out under me and my face went into the net. I landed on my back and head and was out for a second or two and woke up with an actual bleeding imprint of the net on the left side of my face." —tinat44a2a842c —jazzycatsindisneyland —kaisharif —paolaa4eb128e47 —hennaw —beyourowndensity —invasivemage —whitneys4a5bc796d "I managed to get out, and next day at the hospital (the pain got even worse and I could barely move), they found out I had broken a lumbar vertebrae. Oops. I had to undergo surgery, and now I have some titanium screws in my spine, which will forever remind me of my stupidity." —kaa —kniche —angieg421ddf032 —meenuh_tujayduh —zoeo4be6435f9 —elisabethefergusone —laurenm4a2d62ce7 —yasminm41e570534 We asked members of the BuzzFeed Community to share their funniest injury stories. Here are some of the most hilarious responses. "I tried to butter some bread with a blunt butter knife, but I somehow stabbed the webbing between my thumb and finger. I needed five stitches and just missed a tendon." "When I was 9 and watching Sailor Moon, I was trying to mimic her transformation move where she twirls with her foot in the air. I lost my balance and fell into my gran's glass cabinet with all the plates we can't touch, and the glass sliced my leg from my ankle to my knee." "I sliced my hand open with a frozen waffle. I still have a gnarly scar 20 years later...." "I was doing an elaborate interpretive dance to an Alessia Cara song. (Alone, in my room. I’m not a dancer.) While doing an overzealous twirl, I tripped and broke my toe." "I once sprained my wrist because I was drumming on my steering wheel to the Moana soundtrack a little too enthusiastically." "I was playing volley