Minkin explained that the strap muscles that go alongside the belly button get pushed apart during pregnancy. "With the belly getting larger and the abdomen growing with the pregnant uterus, the muscles can get pushed to the side, causing gaps between the two strap muscles. It is common, but theres a surgery to fix it." "Varicose veins are kind of like hemorrhoids in the sense that they are more problematic during pregnancy due to all the extra blood flow, but they can be an issue even afterwards, too. Varicose veins can get more prominent in your legs too," she said. "In the United States, it can develop if you have an episiotomy breakdown – or when you tear into the rectum. Sometimes when doctors go to repair it, it can break down and you end up with a fistula, but thats fortunately very rare." "A woman's weight disposition can change after a pregnancy. This tends to happen as one gets older as well," said Minkin. "Your hormones can go down even lower than they were before pregnancy and, when you breastfeed, you lower your estrogen levels even more. The hormones from breastfeeding suppress ovarian activity, so you are in a post menopausal state," explained Minkin. Minkin said that when you're actively breastfeeding, your breasts will be bigger – but once you finish breastfeeding – they will typically be smaller. "We know it happens, but we don't know the exact physiology for why it happens. And sometimes we will also see asymmetry when they shrink down. It can happen whether or not a woman breastfeeds, but it is much more commonly seen in women who breastfeed." Minkin said women typically grow half a size to a full size – and it can happen with each successive pregnancy! "It may be related more to arches growing rather than actual tissue growing. The height of the arch may get a little flatter and the foot will then be longer." "What I suggest is, if you're losing a lot of hair, don't panic because it happens to many women. The key thing is to get your thyroid fun