New Zealand has become the latest country to make hormonal intra-uterine devices free, but Australia's uptake of the contraceptives — beloved by women's health professionals — still lags. New Zealand's pharmaceutical management agency today confirmed it would next month fully fund two hormonal IUDs, Mirena (for which Australian women still pay hundreds of dollars), and Jaydess, (which is unavailable in Australia). The hormonal IUD is inserted into the uterus, where it releases a small amount of progestin (a synthetic version of the naturally occurring hormone, progesterone) which thickens the cervical mucus, making it a hostile environment for sperm, so they can't get up there to reach the egg. It can provide contraception for multiple years, which makes it what is called a long-acting reversible contraceptive (LARC). LARCs are a group of methods that include IUDs (copper and hormonal), contraceptive injections and implants, which are all more than 99% effective. The failure rate of Mirena, specifically, is very low. Clinical trials put the cumulative failure rate at 0.21% after one year. Australia’s major hospital, health care and family planning organisations have long called for increased access to LARCs as the nation’s uptake is lower than other Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development countries. Hormonal IUDs make up just 1.9% of the contraceptives prescribed by GPs in Australia, while oral contraceptives account for 68%. The Australian Healthcare and Hospitals Association reported in 2016 that 43% of women who had unintended pregnancies were on the contraceptive pill. The government has outlined an "increase in the availability and uptake" of LARCs as a "key measure of success" in its national women's health strategy but provides no explicit indication of how that would be achieved. Labor made an election promise to review the Medicare rebate for LARCs and support the training of more GPs to insert them, but lost the election. A Department of Hea