—lampshadez —maurab49891060e —lalalandfan —bronwyncornish —zaaaaaaaaaabby —superfangers —kaylag4040172de —caytybrady —alexandriag476a14e60 —stefaniec467897cac "The flight attendants attempted to clean it up the best that they could, but the passengers sitting in that row still had to sit with throw up all over their legs and shoes and on the floor in front of them for the duration of the flight. Luckily, I was sitting a few rows back but I witnessed the whole thing. To make matters worse, the flight attendants laid down a blanket over the vomit to cover it up." —kelseyroses473320834 —chelsear47279bfe3 —kissmecait —g44f422578 —emmadavis Some submissions have been edited for length and/or clarity. We recently asked members of the BuzzFeed Community to tell us the most unfortunate things they've seen people do on airplanes. I think you already know this post is headed in a bizarre direction... "I was sitting next to a kid whose mother was across the aisle with her other children. As the plane was taking off, her son told her had to pee really bad. She told him he had to wait because the plane was about to take off and he had to stay seated. The kid started shaking, sweating, and he was on the verge of crying. He told his mom that he couldn't wait, so she handed him a folded up towel she had in her backpack and told him to sit on it and pee. He did. Right next to me." "I was behind a man who had his S.O. lay across the seats with her feet on his lap. He began kissing and licking her feet and moaning. I flagged down a flight attendant who was equally horrified. She asked them to stop, and they did for a while, but eventually continued, making sexually suggestive noises." "When I was 10 years old, I fell asleep on a flight and suddenly felt someone stroking my head. I looked up and the woman next to me was reading her newspaper while petting me like a dog. After that, I switched seats with my mom." "The man next to me constantly had his hand behind the back of his neck an