It started with a head injury when I was 22 or 23. I had a CT for a concussion, and while it was minimal, they saw a tumor about the size of half a pinkie nail. The doctor told me it was no big deal and that "women had these tumors all the time." He never sent records to anyone and I never really thought of it again. Flash-forward 10 years and I'm being wheeled into surgery because of a tennis ball–sized tumor. All went well but to add insult to injury I woke up multiple times after surgery and told the overnight neuro MD that I had a blood clot. He laughed it off. I let him know I am an ICU RN and I have a history with a clotting disorder. He kept telling me I was wrong and I'd feel better with more medication and rest. I demanded dopplers.  I had two clots in my right leg. One that my platelets attacked and it ended up completely occluding my vessel from the groin to my knee. They had to immediately send me back to surgery to have it removed. I almost lost my leg and also had blood clots in my lungs. I almost died. I made that doctor come into my room and apologize. I also made the initial ER MD have a sit down with me to remind him tumors grow; don't tell a young woman it's not something worth following up on.  —mviv23 When I was 19, I kept waking up in the middle of the night because I couldn't breathe. I felt like I had a elephant on my chest. I went to the ER and was told I was having a panic attack, given a shot to relax me, and sent home. After about the ninth trip in six months, the doctor on duty at the ER refused to treat me and said I needed to be seen by my primary care physician who could then refer me to a therapist. I went to my PCP and he started pushing around on my stomach thinking it could be appendicitis. But then he touched where my gallbladder was and I immediately vomited. He sent me by ambulance back to the ER to have a ultrasound, which resulted in being admitted and scheduled for emergency surgery. My gallbladder had burst, it had infected