"I see how far ahead I can walk with my eyes closed before I get freaked out and have to open them." —Georgeisthecoolest "I have noticed I often sniff when I enter a room so I don't scare people by just talking out of nowhere." —erotic_rook "Talking to myself in gibberish when I'm doing something as though I were explaining what I'm doing." —moosieq "I have hyperhydrosis (fancy word for sweating a lot) and my T-shirts are constantly sticking to my armpits. To unstick them, I just lift my elbows up and down a few times. Basically, I flap my arms like a chicken. Most of the time, I don't even realize I'm doing it. Imagine having a conversation with someone you have never met and they randomly start flapping like a chicken out of the blue and act like nothing just happened with no explanation. —saymynamebastien "I walk fast. When it's a crowded place, I use hand gestures whenever another person gets in my way to tell them where I will go, like I point to the left and they automatically move to the right without any awkwardness. It works more often than I initially thought. I guess people tend to follow such unexpected gestures unconsciously." —confusedmel "Every time I shift into neutral, I wiggle the stick back and forth a bit as a sanity check." —thatawesomedude "I throw up gang signs at my dog. Don't know why it started but I get a laugh out of it and my dog just likes the attention." —Melgitat_Shujaa "If I accidentally hit my head or something when I was little, I'd pretend to be knocked out for at least 10 minutes on the floor and then get up when I'd realize nobody was going to indulge my dramatic ass." —bencarew "Just before I'm about to write, sometimes I'll do this little circle thing in the air above the paper, like I'm revving the pen up before I use it." —OmarGuard "I make a valley out of pillows and blankets and sleep in the middle so I can koala hug something while laying on either side." —TristanTwo-Shoes "I blow on my ice cream. I guess to cool it off? 