Note: DMK Skincare performed this service free of charge. You can learn more about the Sleep & Glow pillow on their website. They cost $159. I also discovered numerous celebrities get this treatment regularly, including Angela Bassett, Minnie Driver, and Bethenny Frankel. "The enzyme therapy masque stimulates the mitochondria in your skin, stimulating the collagen factory to make sure that it's making the collagen properly. It's bringing oxygen directly from your lungs to your face to make sure that all the cells are living longer and doing what they're supposed to do. It also gives you lymphatic drainage to detoxify your skin," Laura said. Scientific meaning behind this: DMK Enzyme Treatments act on the blood vessels by causing them to become dilated, which allows a greater supply of oxygen rich blood to flow to the skin in order to nourish it. "DMK's home prescriptive products have transdermal delivery, meaning they sit on the voids of your skin for up to eight hours and, as the cells in your skin need that nutrient, they go into the voids and they grab it. We only use ingredients that your skin recognizes. None of our products are going to just sit on top of you skin and plump it up and make it look shiny. Our ingredients actually penetrate the skin," said Laura. To find a DMK-certified clinic near you, visit their website. Greetings. I'm Krista and, just like you, every day I get a little bit older. I just recently started taking my skincare routine seriously and now that I'm seeing noticeable benefits from it, I've been looking into other ways to keep it looking ~youthful~. Like, sleeping on an "anti-aging" wrinkle pillow: And now, I've discovered a facial that is supposed to be like botox without the needles. The DMK Enzyme Facial is being called the Game of Thrones facial on Instagram because it makes you look like a White Walker from the show... ...I mean, I see the resemblance: I really wanted to know was how this facial was different from other "anti-aging