🚨 Warning: Some of this content is disturbing and graphic. 🚨 Joyce Carol Vincent died in her London apartment in 2003 of either an asthma attack or from complications of a peptic ulcer. However, her body wasn't discovered until almost THREE YEARS later. Vincent set up automatic payments on her rent and apartment bills, so no one noticed that she died until a few fines built up. Her body had deteriorated so much that by the time they discovered her she looked "mostly skeletal." Even more heartbreaking, they found wrapped Christmas presents next to her corpse, which were unmarked and never delivered. —mollyc4dc You might think that going to space would be extremely cool (and you'd be correct), but doing so may result in some serious negative side effects on your body. Because there's no gravity in space, your body would be subjected to long-term weightlessness, and that could result in a number of different things, including "excessive flatulence" and the deterioration of your skeleton, otherwise known as "spaceflight osteopenia." No thanks!  —alliec14 The Zodiac Killer terrorized the world after murdering several people in Northern California in the '60s and '70s, even sending cryptic messages to the police as a way to taunt them. The Zodiac Killer is one of the most famous serial killers in the world, and also probably the scariest to think about, since we still don't know who committed the crimes. This chilling page does a deep dive into the entire investigation, including details about each specific attack, the two survivors, and all of the current suspects. —Nicholas Irving, Facebook This is an in-depth look into all of the wild and sometimes gruesome incidents that have occurred at Disneyland Resort in California. Apparently there are over 100 lawsuits involving Disney parks every year, including major incidents, ride accidents, and, yes, even deaths at the park. This page gets into specifics about all of those horrifying events. —ghastlyghostie In 1989, 17-year