 "I've never cancelled anything in my life," Winfrey told DeGeneres. "I work when I'm sick." She further revealed that she was also told not to fly for a month and had 18 vials of blood drawn for testing. Winfrey said: "When I walked in and I was better, he thanked me three times for getting better and said: 'Can I have a hug?' I could tell that he was like: 'Not on my watch is this gonna happen.'" In collaboration with WW (formerly Weight Watchers), Winfrey will be embarking on a nine-date tour around the US. The show is called Oprah's 2020 Vision: Your Life in Focus and begins in January. Oprah Winfrey is opening up about a serious health scare that's prompted her to go on tour to promote health and wellbeing. Speaking to Ellen DeGeneres, Winfrey revealed that she had recently been diagnosed with pneumonia after a trip overseas and had only gotten the all-clear the day before. Winfrey said that originally she thought she had a cold after landing back home, but a trip to the emergency room revealed that it was much more serious. Things went from bad to worse when Winfrey revealed that the antibiotics she'd been given weren't working, and when she returned to the hospital for a CT scan, she was told she needed to see a lung specialist. Winfrey knew things weren't looking good when she saw the doctor's face while he was examining her. "He puts a stethoscope [to my chest] and I see the 'oh shit' face," she said. "I can see it, he didn't hide it." Under the doctor's orders, Winfrey "cancelled everything", something she's never done in the past because she usually continues to work when she's sick. A week later and finally starting to recover from the illness, Winfrey was once again reminded how serious the health scare had been when she revisited the doctor. Encouraging the audience to get their flu and pneumonia shots, Winfrey then revealed that her bout of illness had "changed the way I look at wellness". So much so that she's now going on tour to talk about it. You 