Fine said, "The reason we recommend against honey is because it can be contaminated with botulism spores. Older children and adults are able to handle something like that, but it can make a younger infant very sick. The overall risk is low, but it's not a chance we take." Fine added that when you're introducing other foods to babies, it's all about making sure the food is not a choking hazard. This is to prevent suffocation. Fine said if parents are concerned about the temperature, they should put their baby in a fleece sleeper. This practice is also to lower the risk of SIDS (sudden infant death syndrome). Fine said the greatest risk period for SIDS is between 2 and 4 months of age. "If a baby has an autopsy and exam of the environment and there's no other reason found for the infant's death, then it is SIDS. You may have a vulnerable infant, there may be genetic factors, or — for whatever reason — a baby may be more prone to having apnea while they are sleeping. But there seems to be some environmental factors that play into it as well. So to prevent it from happening, we recommend placing infants on a firm, flat surface without any surrounding pillows or blankets." "Since [the start of] the Back to Sleep campaign, parents have been laying their babies on their backs, and we've seen a significant decrease in sudden infant death syndrome. Babies do sleep better on their stomachs, but that is part of the problem," said Fine. Fine said this reason is related to overall gut maturity. "If you're giving cow's milk rather than breast milk or formula, the composition is slightly different, so you're probably putting your baby at a higher risk for iron deficiency, anemia, and things like that." As babies transition to solid foods, however, parents can give things like whole-milk yogurt, just as long as the baby isn't drinking a whole bunch of cow's milk. "Babies aren't able to process free water, so if they are given enough water, it can cause problems with the amount of s