Obviously everyone's bodies and experiences are different, but here's what helped people see real results. "It's been about three years since I first got my Fitbit, and I've lost nearly 90 pounds. I honestly wouldn’t be where I am today without it. It taught me about calorie counting, exercise, and overall wellness. It also helped me set achievable goals for myself. I'm so proud of the determination I've shown. If you’re not in it for the right reasons, and if you aren’t dedicated, then you won’t lose weight, get healthy, or achieve your goals." —oliviawann6 Get it from Amazon for $139.99 (available in graphite/black and rose gold/blue grey). "I lost 60 pounds since February of 2017, and 50 of those were lost in the first 10 months. The biggest change was about investing in my mental health. Hot yoga is my tool that has helped me love myself deep down, and the weight loss came secondary to my newfound peace. I made drinking a healthy amount of water a daily priority. It may sound weird, but using fun and pretty reusable water bottles reealllllllly helped with this goal!" —ebb2 Get it from Amazon for $13.95+ (available 17 or 25 oz and 27 styles). "Wireless headphones are a must for me. I got into working out by starting small and walking whenever I could. Then I moved up to jogging, then running when I got more comfortable. Having my music and podcasts really helped me stick to it." —weasel7092 Get them from Amazon for $39.99. "I wore this shirt two days in a row for two very intense workouts because it fit really well on my body (which isn't always the case) and I wanted to show it off. Even though I was drenched in sweat both times, the shirt dried super quickly and didn't smell at all. I've since washed it, though. Don't worry." —spenceralthouse Get one on Rhone's site for $68 (available in sizes S–XXL and six colors). "I’ve always been really thin and a good runner, but I wanted to get more confident, work the rest of my body, and tone up. Resistance bands were t