Chance Ammirata vaped for the first time in a high school culinary class. It was his junior year and a friend had offered him her Juul. After one inhale, the Miami teen started coughing profusely, but after two more hits he was hooked. "I was like, 'Oh, this is why you have it,'" the now 18-year-old told BuzzFeed News. "I felt this buzz and it was like all of the anxiety and stress that I had [went away]." Over the next week, he noticed more and more of his classmates were vaping. He'd occasionally borrow their e-cigarettes in class or in the bathroom. Then, one day, overwhelmed by anxiety, Ammirata felt an intense craving to vape. He raced to a friend who had a Juul and took a hit. "From that point on, every single day that I tried going without it felt like too much for me, and eventually I ended up having one and I kind of got trapped in the same thing that my friends did," he said. Now, amid a nationwide outbreak of mysterious lung illnesses associated with vaping, leading to at least six deaths, Ammirata and other young people who have been hospitalized with injuries they believe were caused by the use of e-cigarettes are using social media to warn their peers about the dangers of vaping and inspiring them to quit. "All of my friends were vaping. Everyone in my high school was addicted," said Ammirata, who was hospitalized for a lung collapse his doctor told him was connected to his e-cigarette use. "I honestly knew so many more teenagers that were vaping than not, and I was like 'OK, I need to put this out there.' I felt obligated to tell my friends, like, 'guys, this is not good. You guys need to stop.'" More than 450 people across 33 states have been affected by serious lung illnesses associated with vaping and six people have died. The illness is defined by severe pneumonia symptoms, shortness of breath, coughing, fever, fatigue, and respiratory failure, and has so far affected mostly young people. In one case documented in the Midwest, the patient also had