"Everyone does. And don't be ashamed to call your parents. Even call them crying. Being away from home for the first time is exciting, but also scary. It's OK to need your parents." —laurae486e9cb98 "Chances are your parents nor your friends are qualified therapists, so use your school’s mental health resources to gain tools to help you adjust." —vicandnoodles "Don't feel like you have to do everything all the time. It's okay to turn down events and take some downtime." —bethcox93 "Some students only see their advisors when it’s time to pick classes, but they’re there to guide you too! Touch base with them when you’re feeling overwhelmed — they’ll usually have great advice." —mh303 "Don’t wait too long to see a therapist if your anxiety is debilitating. Therapy is so normal and helpful, and honestly it changed my life." —megm48886fa52 "Many counseling centers offer some free sessions for students, and will also be able to point you to other helpful local resources." —brittanya4ea9eee09 "Find somewhere on campus (or off, if you have the means) where you can go if you’re overwhelmed and need to be alone! At my college, hardly anyone goes to the third floor of the library, so if I need to take a breather, I’ll go up there." —marysar "I put so much pressure on myself for perfect grades that it became all I cared about. If I felt I wasn't going to get a 4.0, I essentially felt worthless and gave up. Don't punish yourself like that!" —cbass2019 "It could be a therapist, professor, religious leader, or college senior. Find someone that can pour into you and give you hope for the future." —h3holdridge "Freshman year, I just wouldn't do things if I couldn’t get a friend to go with me, which really held me back. Whether that’s joining a club, going to an event you’re interested in, or just running to the store, don't be afraid to go by yourself! This is your time to find what YOU like and who YOU are. Then naturally, you’ll find other people with similar interests." —alys4b4e