Papua New Guinea has doubled down on its continued detention of 53 men who were held on Manus Island by the Australian government, including some who have been approved for medical evacuation to Australia. Officials from Australia’s home affairs department said on Monday that PNG was refusing to release a man who had been approved for a medical transfer, despite a number of requests from the Australian government. The man is currently being detained at the new Bomana Immigration Centre in Port Moresby. "They have advised that they have their own medical provider, and [the man] has been assessed as being able to receive treatment in Papua New Guinea," department senior assistant secretary Alana Sullivan said. Under Australia’s medevac law, the man must be transferred to Australia promptly. At least two other men detained in Bomana have been approved for transfer, according to doctors and lawyers working on medevac transfers. Executive director of Refugee Legal David Manne told BuzzFeed News at least one of his clients in Bomana had been approved for an urgent transfer in relation to "acute medical issues". "[He] is being prevented from departing Papua New Guinea to get the treatment that he so desperately needs," Manne said. "It continues to leave him in an extremely precarious and dangerous position." On Wednesday, PNG's chief migration officer Solomon Kantha issued a defiant statement claiming the 53 men detained at Bomana are failed asylum seekers who are receiving adequate healthcare. Kantha said detainees had access to a high standard of health and support services. He said primary health was provided on site and, if required, detainees could be taken off site for specialist care. "In all circumstances, [the Immigration Citizenship Authority (ICA)] relies on the advice of medical professionals and treating doctors located here in Papua New Guinea," Kantha said. "ICA continues to facilitate medical evacuations where our health service provider advises that treatm