The Australian government has lost its bid to stop refugees held in offshore detention from asking the Federal Court to order their transfer to another country for medical treatment. The decision, handed down on Wednesday, also clarifies that refugees cannot explicitly ask to be transferred to Australia. Since December 2017, refugee lawyers have brought more than 50 cases in the Federal Court seeking transfers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea for medical treatment. The cases have been a thorn in the government's side. Refugee lawyers have succeeded in every instance, either through a court-ordered transfer or the government agreeing to a transfer once a case has been filed. Since the medevac law created a new process for ill refugees to be transferred to Australia, the cases have slowed down. But if the government succeeds in repealing medevac, litigation could again become an important weapon in refugee lawyers’ arsenals. In a hearing in May, the government asked the Federal Court to find it was barred from hearing the cases. It pointed to a provision in the Migration Act which says the court can't hear cases relating to the exercise of certain government powers. Three judges of the Federal Court ruled on Wednesday that they do have jurisdiction to hear these cases, but that refugees cannot specifically ask to be transferred to Australia. A government victory would have meant that cases could only be brought in the High Court of Australia. The three judges looked at whether four cases concerning children detained on Nauru — considered to be broadly representative of the 50 — had been validly brought in the court. In each case, lawyers argued the government owed a common law duty of care to the refugees held offshore, which meant they were obliged to take them somewhere they could get adequate healthcare. In two of the cases, lawyers asked for their clients to be transferred somewhere with specific medical facilities not on Nauru – such as a specialist child mental h