Despite dramatic warnings that Australia would be forced to accept rapists, murderers, and pedophiles under the medevac law, security concerns have only been raised about two people among more than 150 asylum-seekers and refugees who have sought medical transfers. The medevac law, passed against the wishes of the government, gives doctors greater power to determine if sick refugees held in Papua New Guinea and Nauru should be transferred to Australia for medical treatment. Before the bill passed, prime minister Scott Morrison claimed the new provisions would allow criminals into the country. “They may be a pedophile, they may be a rapist, they may be a murderer, and this bill will mean that we would just have to take them,” he said in February. Under the law, the Home Affairs minister has a veto power and can refuse medical transfers on the basis a person would pose a risk of criminal conduct or be prejudicial to security. The government intends to repeal the legislation, and a parliamentary inquiry into the issue is underway. On Monday, department officials were not able to confirm to the inquiry if the security veto had been exercised at all, and said only a small number of people had raised character concerns. “Two had adverse character issues, but whether they were refused on that, I’d have to take that on notice,” senior assistant secretary Alana Sullivan said. Earlier on Monday, volunteer doctors involved in organising transfers told the committee they were not aware of the government using the security veto in the six months the medevac law has been in operation. When two doctors recommend a transfer, it must be approved in 72 hours, unless the minister objects on medical or security grounds. Medical refusals are reviewed by an independent panel of experts, but if the panel overrides the minister’s decision, he is still able to refuse it on security or criminal grounds. Officials from the Department of Home Affairs told the inquiry on Monday that immigration 