Camila Cabello is currently heating up the Billboard charts with "Señorita." You know, the song with her maybe, but maybe not boyfriend Shawn Mendes. 👀 Anyway, you won't find the former Fifth Harmony member on social media as much lately, and she has a perfectly good reason for it. On Friday, Camila took to Instagram to address how social media can have a negative affect on her mental health. She wrote, "I don’t go on social media that much 'cause it’s not good for me and I don’t know how to not be affected by what people say on here, so I just don’t read it." "I am totally aware that I can use this platform to help people even in small ways!" she added. "So to anyone on here who is struggling — which we all do sometimes 'cause we’re human — I super recommend taking five minutes out of your day to just breathe." The 22-year-old explained that while she didn't understand meditation before, her life has improved since learning how to be present in her body through the simple breathing technique. "I used to live so much in my head, constantly trapped in my overthinking and being in my head as opposed to the present moment," Camila stated. "Lately just going back to my breath and focusing on it puts me back in my body, and back in the present and helps me so much." "Take five minutes out of your day today to just inhale for 5 seconds through your nose, and exhale for 5 seconds through your mouth [...] Focus on your breath and how it feels coming in and out of your nostrils. Do it three times a day and whenever you feel yourself getting overwhelmed," she shared. "I know lots of us on here are growing up and learning how to be human lol, and that can be intense and hard sometimes. I think some tools are really life-changing and help you know how to do that better, so I just thought I’d share something that’s really helped me, and hopefully, it helps you guys!!!!" Camila ended her post teasing that she will see her fans "soon," likely during her performance at the VMAs on 