I’m pretty sure you know what happens after one finishes a temporary, intense diet and workout regimen: INDULGING. I ate whatever junk foods I craved, and while I kept going to the gym, my workouts weren’t nearly as intense because it wasn’t like I had a professional trainer present or “before photos” keeping me motivated. When that ended, I went back to my carefree diet. I ate fast food, I tried to conquer The Rock’s cheat meal, the holidays came, I inhaled festive baked goods, and although I still went to the gym a bunch, I still packed some weight on. One night I ate so many Skittles and pieces of chocolate that I legitimately woke up feeling like I was hungover. Headache, nausea, regret, etc. I decided I wanted to figure out a way to diet and work out in a manner that wasn’t so strict and was actually sustainable — not just for a month or two, but for the foreseeable future. Turns out they have a name for that — it’s called a "lifestyle change" or something. At the end of those past celebrity diet and fitness regimens, I felt more lean than I’d like to. I know that at my most comfortable weight I have some definition, but I shouldn't be restricting myself from indulging here and there for some abs.  So, Patrick and I decided I’d try a lean bulk. This process begins with eating a lot and lifting heavy to build mass over a period of time. Then, you lower caloric intake and lifting lighter weights at higher reps (at a faster pace) to burn off weight. Ideally, this strategy would help me find my happy medium. Patrick had me aim for high-protein meals that included green vegetables and limited carbs. He didn’t want me to restrict myself solely to eating clean because 1) it’s sort of miserable to me; and 2) I’d immediately go back to eating tons of innutritious things the instant this phase of the diet ended. Remember in Avengers: Endgame when Thanos watched in horror as all the Avengers spilled out of portals? That's me every single day looking at Hot Cheetos, Dorito