Cat poop can contain a parasite called toxoplasma gondiit that may cause a serious blood infection – toxoplasmosis – and pregnant people have a high risk of getting toxoplasmosis. This infection may also be caused by eating contaminated, undercooked meat or infected fruit and vegetables. Although the active ingredient in teeth-whitening products – peroxide – is safe for adults (even if small amounts are ingested during the whitening process), there's hasn't been enough research as to how the substance could affect babies during pregnancy. For that reason, doctors recommend avoiding it. The following over-the-counter medications may increase the risk of birth defects: bismuth subsalicylate (such as Pepto-Bismol), phenylephrine or pseudoephedrine, (decongestants), cough and cold medicines that contain guaifenesin, and pain medicines – such as aspirin and ibuprofen. Phthalates – a common ingredient in hairspray and nail polish – is not linked to birth defects in humans, but animal studies have shown that the substance interferes with male sexual development. For this reason, it is recommended that pregnant people use beauty products without phthalates. Both prescription acne treatments and retinols are unsafe during pregnancy and have been linked to birth defects in babies. When foods contain a bacteria called listeria, it can cause an illness called listeriosis – which is harmful for babies. Unfortunately, pregnant people are more susceptible to getting listeriosis. The bacteria may develop when it is not killed during pasteurization or cooking. It can be found in uncooked meats, uncooked vegetables, unpasteurized milk, foods made from unpasteurized milk, and processed foods. The following essential oils may trigger early uterine contractions: rosemary, basil, sage, juniper, thyme, pennyroyal, oregano, and peppermint. Pregnant people may be exposed to chemicals like latex, oil, and enamel while painting. As of now, there are no methods to measure the exposure of these