Because she was told it was non-cancerous, it did not need to be removed, just checked every six months. So, Charlie continued wedding plans and married her husband in May of this year. Charlie was diagnosed with an aggressive, hormone-fed cancer. Thankfully, the cancer had not spread to her lymph nodes. When she and her family met with her oncologist to discuss and plan her chemotherapy and radiation, it was understandably difficult. That day I cried and cried and was so mad. Scheduling treatments officially made my cancer REAL," said Charlie. "It's not all hugs and kisses and tears. It's still real life, you have to keep working and providing," Kelsey said. He added that he is now a caregiver as well. "It is not easy, but even if you feel like you are not doing it the best way, you probably are in the others person's eyes." A special thanks to Mandy Parks Photography for the beautiful photos. Twelve days before Charlie Johnson's wedding to her high school love, Kelsey, she felt a lump in her breast. A lump that she was told was a fibroadenoma – a noncancerous lump. But, one month later, Charlie's relief turned to heartbreak. The lump started bothering her, so she decided to have it removed. During her post-operative appointment, the surgeon told her the tumor was actually cancerous. "Emotions flooded through me, I cried, I was in denial," Charlie told BuzzFeed. “Before I even knew if I was going to be receiving chemotherapy, I made the decision that ‘if’ it happened, I wanted to make it beautiful when I started to lose my hair,” said Charlie. So, she proposed her idea to photographer and friend, Mandy Parks, who had the same vision as Charlie for the photoshoot. On the day of the shoot Kelsey admitted he was scared. "I remember telling Charlie there was no way I would be able to do this. I would break down on her," Kelsey said. "Then I started thinking about it and thought, 'How selfish am I to not do this task for her?'" During the shoot, Charlie focused all her 