Women detained on Nauru who experienced complications late in pregnancy waited for days for proper medical care while lawyers fronted court in desperate bids to get them to Australia, according to an expert obstetrician. Caroline de Costa, a professor with 45 years of experience in obstetrics and gynaecology, said she had been involved in many cases where expert care in Australia was required and delays had been "detrimental" to women's health. She made the remarks in a submission supporting the medevac law, which gives doctors greater control over medical transfers from offshore detention to Australia. The Australian government is currently trying to repeal the law, and a parliamentary inquiry is considering the issue. Since 2013, de Costa has given advice and written reports for women on Nauru, many of which were tendered as evidence in court to secure their transfer to Australia for treatment. Some of these reports were for women who had undergone female genital mutilation. "Complicated pregnancy and even pregnancy itself is not well cared for on Nauru," de Costa told BuzzFeed News. "The facilities for birthing are not what they should be." De Costa noted that complications can occur quickly and unexpectedly, and said the previous system — which sometimes involved court action by refugee lawyers — was beset with delays that endangered women. "Pregnancy and birth are only normal until they become abnormal, and if that happens on a place like Nauru it is very difficult to transfer a woman, it is not safe and it can be very time-consuming." She gave one example of a woman with several complications late in her pregnancy. The Australian government initially said the woman could be adequately cared for on Nauru, according to de Costa. It was difficult to get information on the woman's health. The woman's husband ended up accompanying her to a consultation and making a secret recording. "I got the recording of that consultation and it was horrifying," she said. "The do