The Australian government routinely ignored requests to evacuate desperately ill refugees from offshore detention, forcing lawyers to front court on weekends and in the middle of the night, an inquiry has heard. The Human Rights Law Centre (HRLC) has spoken out about just how difficult it was to secure medical transfers to Australia for their sick clients detained on Nauru and Papua New Guinea in the months before the "medevac law" was introduced in March this year. “I was in a court hearing over the phone at 1am on a Saturday night and in three cases on Christmas Eve,” HRLC senior lawyer David Burke told BuzzFeed News. “To be in court in the middle of the night and on weekends is extremely unusual.” All up, lawyers from various organisations brought 48 court cases – almost one a week – to have clients transferred for treatment between December 2017 and February 2019. They won every case. The HRLC detailed the pre-medevac process as it argued the law should not be repealed in its submission to a parliamentary committee considering the issue. The conditions clients were suffering from included psychosis, sepsis, encephalitis, resignation syndrome and pregnancy complications in which the life of the unborn child and mother were at grave risk. When lawyers provided medical evidence of these illnesses to the government, Burke said, they were met with delays and silence. “I was regularly speaking to mothers and fathers who were forced to watch while their children withdrew from life,” Burke said. “Desperate parents told me of children who could not eat and drink and were wasting away before their eyes. I spoke to husbands who were not sleeping because their wives could not be left alone due to untreated mental health conditions. “Doctors were telling me that our clients were at real risk of death unless they were urgently transferred to Australia. Yet, we often could not even get a response from the Australian government.” In one case in 2018, a paediatrician advised tha