When Javed Badyari was 19 years old, the prime minister at the time, Kevin Rudd, announced that no asylum-seeker who tried to reach Australia by boat would ever be allowed to settle in the country. In the years since then, Badyari, now 26, has studied medicine, moved from Sydney down to the seaside city of Wollongong, started work as a doctor, and become engaged to medical student Hannah Clements. While Badyari was finding his feet as a young adult, hundreds of people spent the same six years in a state of permanent uncertainty, held in detention camps on small Pacific islands. The conservative government that unseated Rudd in 2013 built on his hardline policy, leaving hundreds of asylum-seekers in indefinite detention on Papua New Guinea’s Manus Island and the tiny nation of Nauru. Hundreds remain there today, unsure what their future holds and increasingly suffering ill health. In July, Badyari decided he was sick of just going to rallies and arguing about Australia’s refugee policies with his friends. He wanted to take action. And so the Indefinite Sleepout to End Indefinite Detention was born. It’s a simple idea: The group will sleep out every night until Australia brings an end to indefinite detention, Badyari told BuzzFeed News, as he and seven others set up in Wollongong's Crown Street Mall for the 119th time. At first the group consisted of just Badyari and friends. But, he’s keen to emphasise, everyone is welcome. One night, local social worker Rahima Sarmed walked past the group. Seeing the sign, she told Badyari, “I’m going to see you tomorrow night”. “I didn’t expect to ever see her again but she was there with a sleeping bag the next night, and she’s been there ever since,” he recalls. After arriving and setting up at about 9pm, the group sleeps on artificial grass in swags and sleeping bags. The local council is supportive of the protest and has granted them a permit. Most of the protesters use earplugs, and if someone needs to go to the bathroom in th