I love trying on clothes that society claims won’t look good on someone with my body type. It feels like I’ve been gifted some kind of superpower.  —poppinpaya I write thank you notes and love letters to the parts of my body that I normally don’t like. For example, I love that the stretch marks on my legs represent all the great food I've eaten and the good times I've experienced. —elliew4844385e5 I was assigned female at birth, and it’s taken a while to figure this out, but I’m actually non-binary and trans-masculine. I don’t strongly identify as either male or female, but taking testosterone makes me feel affirmed and good in my body. —maxw46042041e I get tattoos. I never used to show my shoulders, but after I got them inked I can't stop showing them off! Honestly, the fact that I'm covering my body in beautiful art makes me want to show the world! —canunotmywaywardson I go to the gym when I'm feeling crappy about my body. I'm not going there as punishment or to overdo it, but rather to remind myself that I am blessed with a capable, strong body. Lifting, running, and swimming remind me how lucky I am to have a body that can keep up with the sports I love and carry me through life.  —j422da9ff5 Taking the time to do a full face of makeup really helps boost my self-confidence. —tnleuenberger5 When I'm getting ready for the day, I turn on Rihanna's "Needed Me." Then, I look in the mirror and tell myself, "There is only one me and damn, I look good." After that, I lip-synch the song like I'm some huge pop star. —lovour0409 Honestly, it depends on the day. Sometimes, I need to go for a run and listen to upbeat music, but other times I just need to put on my comfy clothes and watch TV shows with strong, diverse female characters. Ultimately, I try to tell myself that my body is just that — a body — it's the only one I'll ever have, and at the end of the day, it's a bunch of recycled stardust. I can spend my entire life obsessing over it, or I can treat it kindly, enjoy