"I went to a Christian academy and they said if you were intimate before marriage, God would strike you down with a disease." —quaintrelle "The weekly visiting 'abstinence lady' told us that the oxytocin women produce is finite...so too much sex in or out of marriage would mean we couldn't love our babies. She also said condoms didn't protect against HIV, so don't bother (just after the AIDS crisis of the '80s–'90s!!!), and made us sign a virginity pledge. It's a wonder I made it out alive." —katethecursed "You only need to go to a gynecologist if you get pregnant. This mindset almost killed my mom with breast cancer, and made me feel slut-shamed for having endometriosis. Believe it or not, there are actual issues you may need to go to the gynecologist for besides pregnancy." —thekatherine "My sex ed teacher (a woman) told us that if we were to fool around in a hot tub, we could get pregnant. This was only fooling around, no insertion necessary." —lunallee212 "We were told that having sex with someone meant we were actually having sex with them, all of their previous partners, and their partners' partners. Like, if your partner had slept with two people, and those two people slept with two more people each, then you were actually having sex with seven people, because sex never truly leaves you." —c4242ff8c1 "I was taught that the moment you were married, you could no longer get an STD or have an unwanted pregnancy. I guess the logic was that God had blessed the relationship so nothing bad could happen anymore? I don’t think chlamydia really cares if you’re married or not but whatever." —evelynn4ba8b9653 "It's not an incorrect fact, but I was only told about heterosexual sex, which is quite unfair, in my opinion." —rebeldreamer "We were shown a slide show of 'deformities' that 'illegitimate babies' could be born with as a deterrent to premarital sex. We were also told gay sex was illegal, and PMS was 'largely psychosomatic' and just an excuse for women to get out of 