"My son, Fox, has always done the weirdest things, such as this — modeling a Walmart bag in his undies with one slipper on and one sneaker on. Believe me when I say that this is only the tip of the iceberg with him, lol." —brandiwilliamsonc "This is my 2-year-old named Landon. He got ahold of my bikini trimmer and shaved right down the middle of his head. We called it his 'Landon strip.'"  —brittanywnek —meganh45a337777 "I became a stay-at-home mom January 2019. I used to be pretty lucky when I worked because I could shower by myself while the kids were sleeping. But this has changed — now my children are pulling up a pillow to sit and watch me shower. Goodbye privacy!"  —darlenerene "Parenthood is when your kid surprises you with their anatomically correct drawings, compete with giant nipples."  —twopumpkinpastiesplease "Living with kids means you also get to learn home remodeling." —billt4a84e2d1c "Becoming one with nature."  —amberbrookeo "Candid moment while singing HAPPY BIRTHDAY." —amberbrookeo "Baby: Mommy can I stay up late? Me: Sure. *5 min later (Spongebob voice)*" —ericaymack —kristens20 "This is the time my daughter tested four of my expensive, long-lasting lipsticks on her face. I went through half a bottle of micellar water to remove it." —francesjoys "This is what she does after I tell her, 'Please do not pick your nose.'"  —m4f30dd84f "I just recently went from one to two. My son was kinda needy at first (which I expected), but now he absolutely loves his baby sister. I went to the bathroom one day and came back to my son telling his sister jokes and him laughing at his own jokes. The look on her face says it all." —mollystroup "He was mad I was snuggling with his dad. Found him in the bathtub." —amberbrookeo "This is me getting kicked literally in the face (repeatedly) by my 3-month-old at 7 a.m. My road to having my baby was a long and hard one. I am blessed to be a stay-at-home mom. I wouldn't trade these kicks for anything in the world! I spent t