Self-love, patience, and movement! I knew I couldn’t give up foods I loved forever (like pizza and cheeseburgers), so I made a lot of things in life rewards instead of punishments. If I kicked ass in my workouts all week, I would get a pizza. If the weather was really nice, I’d take a workout outside. Treating the process as a gift instead of a burden really helped my mindset to push through! —madisonv488f25ace I’ve always struggled with my weight, especially since college. I broke my foot last year and was out of commission for several months. I felt so miserable and useless when I couldn’t walk that when I finally could, I was SO motivated to move. I joined a gym and at first I could only do the stationary bike. Then I moved on to the elliptical, and then I slowly worked my way up to running again. So far my personal record is 10 miles! I also got a Fitbit, which makes fitness fun for me. Tracking food really helped me think about what I was eating, make better choices, and eat healthier (and less!). Losing 60 pounds was almost just a byproduct of challenging my body and empowering myself! I’m amazed every day at what my body can do, and I want to keep pushing myself. —chelsearea I’ve struggled with my weight my entire life but was never able to motivate myself for long enough to make a sustainable change. When I found out I was on the cusp of being diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, I finally made the mental shift to focus on my HEALTH and not my weight. I saved some money and signed up for three months of personal training (twice a week, non-refundable). Since I already spent the money, I felt like I had to fully commit so it “wasn’t a waste.” That quickly translated into my eating healthier and logging meals to ensure I was getting the best results possible from my “investment.” For me, the realization that my health was worth investing in (not just my appearance) made all the difference! For the first time in eight years, I was no longer pre-diabetic, and I was a