Sydney woman Elle — a pseudonym to protect her privacy — is in recovery for anorexia nervosa, but it took her years to talk to her doctor, friends or family about regularly chewing and spitting out food. "It is like some people just interpret it as coward's bulimia, or pointlessly wasting food for no good reason," the 32-year-old told BuzzFeed News. "There is such limited understanding about the true complexity and pain associated with it." A large scale study published this week in Eating Disorders: The Journal of Treatment & Prevention found the prevalence of the disordered eating behaviour known as "chew and spit" was higher in adolescents than adults. The pathological chewing of food and spitting it out before swallowing has a prevalence of 0.4%, slightly below the range for eating disorders like bulimia or anorexia, which occur in about 1% to 2% of the adult population. But the longitudinal survey of 5,111 high school students found 12.2% reported at least one weekly chew-and-spit episode within the 28 days before they were surveyed. When Elle was a young child she developed a fear of throwing up after a bad case of gastroenteritis. By the time she was seven she had avoidant restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID), characterised by avoiding or only eating small amounts of certain foods. "I’m a very sensory eater, so food smells, texture, colour, taste ... are very important and always have been," she said. Elle began chewing and spitting out around the same time she developed "orthorexia", a condition not formally recognised by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual but which involves an obsession with eating only "pure" or "healthy" food. "When I became overly invested in exercise, clean eating and spending unlimited hours at the gym my body started crying out for food," she said. "I got to the point where I couldn’t resist putting tempting foods in my mouth but once I began chewing it the guilt and anxiety became overwhelming, so I would chew it, taste it and