Look, I consider myself to be decently "in shape", but I can't follow a basic Richard Simmons aerobics video for shit. Greg and Heidi walked us through the proper form for each punch and kick move, one by one. We would do several reps of each move, so it was a pretty good workout in itself. One thing I learned is that pulling a full-grown man over your head is almost entirely done by the stunt man. I would like to think I was that strong, but these people are trained to literally throw themselves over you. So, while it looks like I'm doing all the work, I really am just following the steps given to me by Greg and Heidi and the stuntman is doing the rest. I bet you thought the GIF above is when I actually kicked his nuts, but you would be wrong. We didn't get the real ball kick on video, but this just goes to show how real kicking the upper, inner thigh looks. Also, in case you were wondering, the stuntman claimed to be fine and I'm pretty sure my "kicking" was a gentle tap. 🤷 In this sequence I combined the basic punch moves with the footwork we had practiced for a couple hours beforehand. YES, I LEARNED THIS ALL IN HALF A DAY!!! SOMEONE GIVE ME A COOKIE, DAMNIT!!! Hi, I'm Krista and I decided it was time I learned how to crush more than just a few glasses wine. It was time to learn how to crush a few...criminals. I love seeing females kick butt on screen and I've always wondered how they prepare for fight scenes. So, I decided to take a training session with some of Hollywood's best stunt coordinators to make my own live-action fight scene. Despite being super intimidated, I brushed my fears aside and and channelled my inner badass. Greg Rementer – the stunt coordinator for the Fast And Furious: Hobbs And Shaw – lead the class. He has also worked in the stunts department for movies like Avengers: Endgame, Avengers: Infinity War, and Deadpool 2. In addition, Heidi Moneymaker assisted Greg during the class. Heidi has also worked in the stunts department for countless