The government is yet to respond to an inquest that found the death of a 24-year-old refugee in Australia's offshore detention was preventable, one year after the coroner published his recommendations to stop other deaths from occurring. This is despite the Department of Home Affairs repeatedly suggesting that it was close to responding to the coroner's findings, including telling Senate Estimates in December 2018 that it expected to formally respond by the end of 2018. In 2014, Hamid Khazaei died after contracting a leg infection while detained on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea. He was taken to Port Moresby three days after contracting the infection, where he had a series of cardiac arrests. He was flown to Brisbane, Australia, the following day, where he later died. After an inquest into Khazaei's death, Queensland state coroner Terry Ryan found that Khazaei could have lived if the medical care in PNG had measured up to Australian standards. In findings published on July 30, 2018 Ryan also said that Khazaei would have survived if he had been evacuated to Australia for medical treatment earlier. Ryan made eight recommendations to prevent other detainees from dying in offshore detention. But since those recommendations were published, the government has not publicly responded to them, and does not appear to have implemented them. When BuzzFeed News asked why the government has not responded, when it expected to do so, and whether it has implemented any of the recommendations, a home affairs spokesperson said in a short statement: "The Government’s response to the recommendations made by the Queensland Coroner is being finalised." Shadow minister for home affairs senator Kristina Keneally told BuzzFeed News in a statement that home affairs minister Peter Dutton's failure to respond to the recommendations was "unacceptable". "Given the Queensland Coroner found Hamid’s death was, in fact, preventable and was the result of ‘compounding errors’, Mr Dutton must respond 