Bartesian sent this cocktail-maker for free, but we were under no obligation to review it. (What I'm trying to say is, both machines are fairly large.) Note: Sadly, this did not come with booze — you have to provide your own. (My son LOVED the drink. Without the alcohol, I would say it did taste really good, like fresh juice with strong notes of pineapple.) The machine is $349.99 on Amazon, which is definitely not cheap. However, in doing some justifying in my head, I realized that a cocktail in Los Angeles costs between $12 and $18, not including tip. So if you had a $14 cocktail like this at a bar, after about 25 drinks, the machine would pay for itself. A six-pack of pods is $14.99, so after the first 25 drinks, each drink will roughly cost about $2.50, plus the cost of whatever alcohol you fill the vessels with. (I was never great at math, so my calculations may be wrong. Either way, I'm sure you'll let me know in the comments!) The other day I stumbled across something intriguingly beautiful. An instant cocktail-maker: Now, I'm a mom who enjoys a tasty cocktail here and there, but for obvious reasons (see below), I can't just leave the house to get one whenever I want to. So the idea of having a cocktail-maker available at my fingertips seemed...dangerous, yes...but also life changing! I turned to my husband, showed it to him, and said: When the Bartesian cocktail and margarita machine arrived, it resembled the Keurig that I already owned, which was a dilemma for me because I don't have a ton of counter space. But alcohol is almost as important as coffee, so I made room. To begin, just like with a Keurig, you first fill the back compartment with water. Next, you fill each carafe with the alcohol that corresponds to each bottle. I had some vodka at home, so that is what I went with. Once you fill the alcohol in each bottle, you place it in the correct slot on the machine. Bartesian features six drink pods to choose from: Whiskey Sour, Rum Breeze, Margarita, Cosm