 Emily — a pseudonym to protect her privacy — and her husband were “thrilled” when she fell pregnant soon after trying for their second child. “We were looking forward to her arrival,” the now 33-year-old told BuzzFeed News. “I refer to her as a little girl and she has a name, but I understand she wasn’t technically a person.” Her name was Maya. When Emily went for a 12-week scan she was told her foetus was developing a “strange shaped head” and could possibly have a defect in the neural tube, the structure from which the brain and spinal cord form. “It was a really early stage to flag anything potentially being wrong but we thought we would keep going and see how she grows,” she said. “It turns out her problems became magnified.” A few weeks later Emily went in for a scan and the doctor recommended terminating the pregnancy as the foetus was not "viable". Emily said her decision was a "no brainer". "She was really sick and it was unlikely that she would survive to term, but if she did she may have been born dead, died in the process or lived a short and painful life for a few days where she wouldn’t see life outside the hospital," Emily said. "It would have been cruel to force her to live through that pain." If you asked some politicians what happens next in these circumstances, you’d get a range of answers, some factual, some not. United States president Donald Trump has inaccurately stated late-term abortions allow for procedures that “rip the baby out of the womb” up to a day before birth, and has falsely claimed that doctors are “executing babies” after failed abortion attempts. Australian senator Cory Bernardi told parliament some women decide during a pregnancy they were previously "celebrating" that after “34 or 35 weeks” gestation they're going to have an abortion. Anti-abortion lobbyists in Australia have claimed decriminalising the procedure allows for “abortion at any stage of pregnancy for any reason” and like-minded activists in Ireland claimed abortio