   I Know It's Okay That I Chose Not To Breastfeed. But I Still Feel Guilty. The page reads: "To this day, whenever I hear about mothers who abandon their babies or drown them in the bath, I feel very, very sad. But not only for the babies... I was lucky because I could never hurt you." The page reads: "But I understood what it was like to feel trapped. I could never go back to the life I'd had. And my new life was full of worry, fatigue, and disconnectedness. I fantasized about leaving. Just getting in the car and driving away. Or simply going to sleep forever." The page reads: Just like the dream I kept having about climbing into a bin at the grocery store and feeling apples rain down on top of me. But I also couldn't bear the thought of you growing up without a mother..." Teresa Wong is a Calgary-based writer and artist who had three children in less than five years. Her beautifully illustrated graphic memoir Dear Scarlet covers her struggle with postpartum depression in the form of a letter to her daughter Scarlet. Speaking with BuzzFeed, Wong explained the origin of her graphic memoir, She continued, "Anyone who has taken care of a newborn knows how quiet those days can be, when there’s nobody to talk to but the baby, and I felt like drawings would be the best way to convey that silent time." Her book tackles some difficult subjects... ...and she simply, but cleverly, uses her art to visually convey those thoughts. Wong said the process of making her book was difficult, but fun. "I had never done a graphic narrative before, and I am a writer, not an illustrator, so I was a little out of my league when it came to drawing the book. I literally googled: 'how to make a graphic novel.'" And it's clear her book has made an impact with audiences. They've even told Wong about their own struggles with postpartum depression. She explained, And what does Wong hope people will take away from the book? You can get Dear Scarlet from Amazon for $12.16 or a local bookstore thr