My face broke out with hormonal cystic acne that was so bad. I also had cravings for all the worst food... but I got an awesome table I got to carry around with me for a few months! —eskaytea Spent my entire last trimester in Old Navy flip flops because my feet didn't fit in anything else. I also got pregnancy-induced carpal tunnel to the point where I couldn’t move my right thumb and had to wear a brace. My feet also went up an entire size, so I now wear a size 11. Totally worth it though. —meggie89 I wanted to trim my bangs really quickly over the sink before my sister-in-law came to visit. This was the result. —enbstrong I had to cut the ring off because my fingers were so swollen. —arielle7 Gaping shirt because of my pregnancy boobs, and no good place to put the napkin because something will be left uncovered. —jessicab99 No one tells you about the roadmap you turn into when pregnant. This was me at 24 weeks, and it just got worse and worse as it went on. —morganh44831a05d My daughter was always over to the right side of my body (which you can see in this pic). For the entire third trimester I felt like I was tipping over. —disorderlyconduct Stretch marks within stretch marks, from my ribs and ALL the way down. It was incredibly itchy and painful. —adrianajaec Peeing. Peeing all the time. Every. 20. Minutes. —ptyram7 Eight months pregnant = motorized cart at the store. Note my swollen ankles! —kyleel4c0fe2055 My pregnancy brain caused the bruised thumb. About 21 weeks in, I was climbing into a car. While I was holding onto the car, I accidentally slammed the door shut and got my thumb stuck between the car and the door. That was two weeks ago. This pic was taken after two weeks of healing. —a4593bbf58 Pregnancy is not always a big, bad, scary thing! I didn't have any morning sickness, swelling, or stretch marks with either kid. I also didn't have any issues with natural labor (both labors were less than five hours). Pregnancy was a healthy and beautiful journey 