From diarrhea mishaps to anal sex disasters, here are the hilariously shitty results. I was in the Taco Bell drive-thru and felt the urge to poop. Another car was behind me, so I was trapped. The urge was getting stronger, but the cars in front weren't moving. I pulled my car up a spot and ordered. That's when I knew it was over. I unbuckled and put a towel under me. I was half-crying and half-laughing when my sphincter gave out. Liquid shit spilled from my bum, with no signs of stopping. I had to sit in my poop pants while waiting for the cars in front to go. The stench was unbearable, and the shame still eats at me today. —maliaab It was the morning of my AP Chemistry exam. I was at McDonald's, and I thought I had to fart, but I ended up crapping my pants. I waddled by several clothing stores around me in hopes of buying fresh underwear, but none of them were open yet. I knew I couldn't be late for my test, so I couldn't go home to change. I had to sit in my own poop throughout the entire AP exam, which I ended up failing. —ashlyns4cb642079 I was seeing a guy who was really into anal sex, but I hadn't tried it yet. He came over, and things started to get hot. My bowels instantly reacted to his penis up my butt, and I started pooping all over him. It got on his legs, privates, hands, everywhere. Luckily he's a nurse and had seen worse. We cleaned up and for some reason decided to go for round two. He used my vibrator on me, and as I climaxed the same thing happened: I was pooping, but I didn't even know it. It was like water. Just liquid shit. Never eat Chinese food before having anal sex for the first time. —quarterhorse411 My mom was a card game dealer in a casino. Dealers aren't allowed to leave the table unless another employee comes to take over for them. Unfortunately my mom REALLY had to go, but she couldn't leave until she was tapped out, for security reason. Her replacement was late, so she ended up pooping herself in her uniform while dealing a card game.