Hundreds of women seeking surgical terminations in regional New South Wales will now have to go to Canberra, as the service they were accessing in Victoria will no longer take them as patients. Gateway Health service in Wodonga, Victoria was recently advised by Albury Wodonga Health that patients outside of the clinic's catchment area — specifically those travelling from Wagga Wagga and Griffith in New South Wales — could no longer have surgical abortions there. Julie Mecham of the Wagga Women's Health Centre previously referred women to the Fertility Control Clinic in Albury for terminations before that service shut last year. "That was about 130km away and then when it shut down we became aware that they were performing surgical abortions at Gateway Health in Wodonga, and they were happy for us to refer women there," Mecham told BuzzFeed News. "Now we need to refer women to Canberra and these hurdles just keep getting worse." Mecham says Gateway Health had warned her centre that the number of women travelling from Wagga Wagga and surrounds was unsustainable for the service and they might soon have to shut those women out. "That has finally happened and we became aware of it a few weeks ago," she said. Mecham said it isn't good enough that her city doesn't have a surgical abortion service. "We are the largest inland city in New South Wales with a population over 64,000 people, a university, an army base and a large rural community," she said. "There is a giant gap in services and this is an outstanding women's health issue." Mecham will now refer women to the Marie Stopes Australia clinic in Canberra. "That is a 500km round trip, and for women who face disadvantage that doubling of distance makes access even harder, and public transport to Canberra is not always a convenient option especially after a surgical procedure," she said. "Even if they can afford to drive they will need to stay overnight, which means accommodation and bringing someone with them [to be disc