In a follow-up post, she explained further: "Perineum sunning is an ancient Taoist practice that originated in the Far East. In Taoism, the perineum or Hui Yin is called the 'Gate of Life and Death.' This is a gateway where energy enters & exits the body." I can only imagine what the #NakedInNature hashtag is like... In 2014, Shailene had this to say about the subject, which she told Into the Gloss: "Another thing I like to do is give my vagina a little vitamin D. I was reading an article written by an herbalist I studied about yeast infections and other genital issues. She said there’s nothing better than vitamin D. If you’re feeling depleted, go in the sun for an hour and see how much energy you get. Or, if you live in a place that has heavy winters, when the sun finally comes out, spread your legs and get some sunshine." Over the weekend, Josh Brolin uploaded an Instagram caption that will live on in infamy. It began, "Tried this perineum sunning that I’ve been hearing about..." If you're confused about the words you just read, let me try to explain. Last week, a post about "perineum sunning" from Instagram user @metaphysicalmegan went viral on Twitter. In it, Megan suggests that "30 seconds of sunlight on your butthole is the equivalent of a full day of sunlight with your clothes on" and that it's "more energizing than a cup of coffee." How interesting! She went on to list a bunch of other benefits she's noticed since partaking in the activity and then encouraged others to "try it out and let me know your experience." Well, I'm guessing that Josh Brolin had some extra free time this past holiday weekend, because he definitely did just that. He tried it out AND he let us know about his experience. It did not go well. Back to Josh's impeccable Instagram caption. It went like this: "Tried this perineum sunning that I’ve been hearing about and my suggestion is DO NOT do it as long as I did." "My pucker hole is crazy burned and I was going to spend the day shopping w