"We have all known people who have tried for months and even years [to fall pregnant using IVF] and they've switched clinics and fallen pregnant," Griff told BuzzFeed News. "But it is very difficult for you to determine which clinics are the good performers or poor performers because that information is kept from you." On Thursday Griff gave a second reading of a motion calling for greater scrutiny of the IVF industry. The motion is yet to be debated or voted on. Griff believes an industry that is "heavily propped up by taxpayers" should operate with greater transparency. "There are many operators who do the right thing and others who mislead," he said. The "beauty of transparency", Griff said, is that clinics with lower rates of success would either "get out" of the industry or lift their performance. "When you have publicly accountable pregnancy rates, the best way to make a pregnancy rate look good is not to treat difficult patients," Molloy told BuzzFeed News. "Those that are older, whose that have low egg counts, those that have a poor reproductive history... some clinics might decide not to help those patients. "You have to make a decision: are you going to have a pregnancy rate centric clinic or a patient centric clinic?" Molloy, who is also Queensland Fertility Group's medical director, said patients were already provided with an "extensive amount of information". "To be fair, the IVF industry has, from 1975 onwards, funded an independent report with the result of every IVF cycle in Australia on an annual basis and the only bit missing from this reporting is the clinic specific pregnancy rates." The report, a collaboration between the University of New South Wales' National Perinatal Epidemiology and Statistics Unit, is funded by the Fertility Society of Australia and provides a national overview of assisted reproduction treatment outcomes. It doesn't name the clinics but shows a general variability in clinic success rates — the most recent results from 2016