Special thanks to Grey Van Pelt, Sami Housman, and, of course, Nyle DiMarco. You probably recognize him from his winning seasons on America's Next Top Model (2015) and Dancing with the Stars (2016). He's also an actor, an activist for the deaf community, and the star of most people's sexual fantasies. As someone who's always struggled with body image issues, I often think about the way men are portrayed in the media. We're constantly being sold a fantasy body and lifestyle that doesn't always match our own. As a result, we put a lot of pressure on what the "ideal" body is supposed to look like. To be honest, I've been struggling at the gym recently, and this fitness challenge is a selfish way to help hold myself more accountable. But there's also a much more personal element to the project. When I was younger I had a really bad speech impediment known as a block stutter. Whenever I opened my mouth to speak, the words physically wouldn't come out. I went to a lot of speech therapy and even refused to talk for a while. I still have the stutter today, though it's gotten much better. In fact, most people who I work with probably don't even know I have the stutter (I constantly change my words around when speaking, and sometimes I "pretend" to forget what I was going to say, just so people won't catch on). Still, things like talking on the phone and ordering at a restaurant can be super difficult for me. I wish I wasn't embarrassed about it, but I am. My main objective for this fitness challenge is to be as service-y as possible to you, the reader. I want to show you exactly what might happen if you decide to follow the workouts and meal plan. Obviously everyone's bodies and experiences are different, but consider this article an open and honest testimony about my journey. Here's what happened. I've done a lot of fitness challenges for BuzzFeed – from training like a professional gymnast to doing 100 pull-ups a day for 30 days – but this challenge is going to be totally 