Two years after her fiancé died, Ellen — a pseudonym to protect her privacy — took a holiday. “I was on this cruise with my best friend and I’m a lesbian, but we were drinking a lot,” the 33-year-old Melbourne woman tells BuzzFeed News. “I just wanted to escape my life completely and I couldn’t face the idea of being with a woman.” Ellen spent a night on the ship with a man she had just met. “I don’t even know his last name,” she says. It was the first person she had slept with since the death of her partner of 10 years. “I didn’t even think about contraception and neither did he,” she says. “I left the boat and actually went into a psych ward because I was suicidal at the time.” Ellen began to feel tired and moody and realised her period hadn’t come, so she went to the hospital’s pharmacy to buy a pregnancy test, which returned a positive result. “I felt so vulnerable and like I’d completely fucked up, and because I felt so guilty I told myself, ‘Well I could feasibly [raise a child] alone’,” she says. But Ellen ultimately decided to have an abortion, which she now believes was “the right thing”. “I was so not able to have a child and I was so unwell,” she says. “I am still sad about it because of the circumstances, and it has taken me a long time to let myself feel sad because I am so pro-choice — I felt like that meant you’re not allowed to be ashamed and you’re not allowed to be sad.” One of the hardest parts of the process for Ellen was telling her parents she was pregnant. “They took so long to settle with the fact that I was gay, and then I’ve gone and had sex with a guy while I’m grieving my dead partner,” she says. “They are amazing parents, but it was like I’d already signed up to an identity so I couldn’t really talk about it.” Medical abortion drugs were an option for Ellen as she was at a very early gestation, but she chose a surgical abortion because she wanted to wake up and “for it to be done”. “I was very lucky,” she says. “I just made an appointmen