Last year, she earned the Meaning-Centered Design Award for her prototype of the male lactation system. "The system enables dads to take a more active role in the first six months of the baby’s life and allows mums to relinquish some of the pressures and duties of parenting. It is one of many ways to encourage further discussion of mental health and to empower new parents to support each other even more at such an incredible time in their lives," she said. In order to produce milk, fathers would need to take Progestin (aka the non-oestrogen-based birth control pill) for nine months. "The Progestin initiates the changes necessary for your chest to hold milk. The father-to-be will also need to take 40 mg of Domperidone four times a day, starting six weeks before baby’s due date. This will initiate the creation of prolactin," she added. She added that some people have even informed her that male lactation is celebrated in the old testament of the Bible. "Often the people that have contacted me are not first-time parents. They’re expecting their second or third child and struggled with breastfeeding their first baby the first time. For them it appears that this is a welcome alternative." "Parenthood is a task that’s performed by such a wide range of people from every background and of every orientation and lifestyle. This is another way to help these people accomplish that task in a way that is fulfilling and empowering rather than restrictive." "I want to take it clinical trials as quickly and effectively as possible. We’re looking for the right partnership and are open to offers of research cooperation." Marie-Claire Springham is a British-American product designer who is creating a kit that will allow fathers to "chestfeed" their children. Springham told BuzzFeed her idea originated from a desire to address issues that surround mental health and becoming a new parent. "A common trigger of postnatal depression for mothers is the pressure to breastfeed, even when it is