Liana was 21 and dating a man a decade older than her who she says was emotionally and physically abusive. “When I met him I was at a vulnerable state in my life and he picked up on that,” the now 32-year-old tells BuzzFeed News. Her boyfriend would insist on having unprotected sex. “I was on the pill but he told me he had a vasectomy, so when I missed a pill I didn’t think it was a big deal,” she says. When Liana found out she was pregnant she confronted her boyfriend who admitted he had lied about having had a vasectomy. “It is disgusting and it is as bad as stealthing,” she says, referring to when someone removes a condom during sex without permission. “I feel like it should be illegal.” Reproductive coercion is any behaviour that deliberately prevents a person from making decisions about their reproductive health. It includes contraceptive sabotage; pressuring another person into falling pregnant, continuing a pregnancy, or ending a pregnancy; or forcing a person into sterilisation. Liana decided she did not want to continue with the pregnancy but faced added pressure from her boyfriend: “He got really physical one night and was pretty much trying to beat the baby out of me. At the time I felt like it was mostly my choice but I did feel a bit rushed and pressured.” The abortion was free at a public hospital in regional Victoria. “Even though my abortion experience was quite OK, it was still an experience,” she says. “It is still a medical procedure and it was still something I had to work through for a few years after, and he just got to walk away.” Liana broke up with her boyfriend after the abortion but says it took months for him to stop contacting her. “It was an awful relationship and I can’t imagine having a child and being tied to him for the rest of my life.” Jamie fell pregnant in 2014 to her partner, who was ultimately charged and jailed for assaulting her. She says he refused to wear protection as it “didn’t feel as good”. “He knew I would take risks 