Initially, their stomach is about the size of a shooter marble. Their stomach rapidly grows to the size of about a chicken egg by their tenth day of life. Newborns only produce enough tears to lubricate and protect their eyes, so you won't see any excess tears rolling down their cheeks when they cry. Babies should develop actual teardrops between the ages of one and three months old. In utero, some of the mother's high estrogen levels may get passed onto the fetus, stimulating the baby's uterus. When this happens, baby girls can have what is called a "mini period" where their uterus sheds a little bit of blood. Babies are born with cartilage rather than kneecaps. The cartilage eventually becomes hard and creates the bony kneecaps adults have. Newborn babies have a very sensitive sense of taste because, not only do they have tastebuds on their tongues, but they also have them on their tonsils and in the back of their throats. They are able to distinguish between bitter and sweet flavors. A baby's first poop is called meconium, which is a sticky, tar-like substance. It is a baby's body expelling everything that filled their intestines while inside the uterus. It is normal for both male and female newborns to have enlarged – or swollen – breasts. This is because they have been exposed to maternal hormones inside the womb. In short, the hormones that cause a mother's breasts to swell can be carried on to the baby. After a few weeks, however, the baby's breast tissue should de-swell since there is no more exposure to the hormones. Again, since babies may still have their mother's hormones in their system for a few weeks after birth, their boobs may continue to grow and real breast milk may be expressed from them. The bones in the skull of a newborn are made to move so they can easily pass through the tight birth canal. The elongated "cone head" is a result of the baby being pushed through the birth canal. Usually, the shape of their head will round out after a few days. 