The government has chosen the anti-vax movement to be one of its first targets in a broad online offensive to tackle the spread of disinformation amid concerns about a sustained fall in young children receiving essential jabs. The first wave of this campaign — focused on ads shown to users of Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, and Spotify — targets "misleading information about vaccines" that leaves "the most vulnerable at risk". The trial comes as the percentage of children in England who had received their measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR) jab by their second birthday fell for a fourth year in a row to 91.2% — well below the World Health Organization’s 95% target. Health authorities have made a clear link between the decline and the spread of disinformation in recent months. The UK's chief medical officer, Dame Sally Davies, said the fall was caused, in part, by the spread of myths online, while health secretary Matt Hancock took aim at social media companies over the issue. "We need to tackle this rise in people not vaccinating," he said, adding that companies like Facebook and Twitter need to "do more to take down lies, essentially, that are promoted on social media about the impact of vaccination". Such messages are not hard to find. Despite efforts by Instagram to crack down on the spread of dangerous messages, typing "vaccines" into the search bar immediately returns a list of US anti-vaccine groups rife with disinformation. The "Don't Feed the Beast" campaign directs Britain's most active social media users to the government's SHARE checklist, which lists the tell-tale signs of fake news and disinformation. A government spokesperson told BuzzFeed News that it aims to provide people with "the means to evaluate the information they're seeing online". "Anti-vaccination is an example of how disinformation and misinformation have contributed to a serious real-world public health issue," they added. "We chose to include it in the campaign to highlight why it 