Kate had a medical abortion on the eve of Mother's Day 2016. “For me the termination was an act of love for my other children and a reaffirmation of my love for my relationship,” she says, whispering into the phone so as not to wake her sleeping baby. “If I hadn’t had an abortion my life would be over… I know I would have taken my own life and left many children without a mum.” When Kate fell pregnant she was battling a then undiagnosed mental illness that she says was a “threat to her life”. “I became incredibly low in my mood and became a threat to myself in terms of self-harm and suicide,” the now 38-year-old says. “It threatened the stability of my life and in particular the relationship I had with my partner.” The contraception the couple was using had failed. “Time kind of stood still when I held that pregnancy test in my hand,” she says. “It was an immediate decision [that] I would terminate.” In Australia abortion drug RU486 can be taken up to nine weeks gestation, so Kate called her GP. “I remember crying on the phone to the receptionist, begging for an appointment to get a prescription, but they just said ‘this is not the process you go through’,” she says. “It isn’t as easy as just going to a local pharmacy and getting something over the counter, there are so many logistical hurdles you have to go through, whether that is in terms of having the money or getting an appointment.” Kate, who lives in the Australian Capital Territory, was referred to national not-for-profit reproductive health service Marie Stopes Australia, which provides the bulk of the nation's pregnancy termination services, especially in jurisdictions where there is little or no public provision of abortion. Marie Stopes Australia estimates 58% of all patients are already mothers, and says women in their late 20s and early 30s are most likely to have abortions. For patients aged over 30, 74% have at least one child, and 27% have three or more children. “I used to walk by the clinic every 