Some submissions have been editing for length and/or clarity. —snufflepupagus "My dad survived, but that was the beginning of the end for my first marriage." —carolinel488bb97ff —j45b2f6094 —angieg421ddf032 —jennyn4e98a0eaf —daniellea8 —annec4948c1917 "My husband had never visited any centers and when I asked him about it, he said he was scared to tell me. That day I took the kids home (distraught), called in sick to work, and packed his bags. He left without a word. The next day I got a text saying I'd forgotten to pack his PlayStation." —charlottelouisem2 —courtneyb4a7e03fb9 "During his interview with our eventual new boss — unbeknownst to me — he told her I was pregnant, that we were 'expecting,' even though I had asked him not to say anything to anyone. I only found this out after we were both hired, and our boss took the (entire) office to lunch and she congratulated me on my pregnancy in front of everyone, and before I could even comprehend what she was saying, my (then) husband blurted out 'actually, she decided it wasn’t the right time for us.' You could have heard a pin drop in that moment. "What’s worse — later, when I told him how hurt and embarrassed I was, he became angry and said that it was just as much his business as it was mine. He then gave me the silent treatment for an entire day. "I left him within a year." —keljsc1226 —marileec3 —craigl10 "I also found bottles of viagra in his car (not used with me because sex stopped with us months before) and a shitload of weed and wads of cash. Oh, and to top it off, he's also a criminal defense attorney." —mariascheuringe "Unfortunately, I didn't realize this was my breaking point and suffered through another eight years, about 10 other girls, and countless lies. I was afraid to leave and got manipulated into staying because I was fearful of hurting my son. Now that the divorce has passed and the dust has settled, I'm so much happier!" —brandiwilliamsonc "I was so desperate for love that a random stranger 