She also told Hello Magazine she washes her face immediately after she works out. Which, OK, most of us probably know this, but it's a good reminder. On Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen, Jennifer was asked about a $1,000-per-ounce face cream that her ex-husband Chris Judd said she used every day. She then revealed that she has been using a cream from Whole Foods for about 10 years: Dr. Hauschka Rose Day Cream. It is available at Dermstore for $45. The flavorless collagen is available on Amazon for $12.71. From left to right, the products are: Lancer The Method: Cleanse ($55), Lancer Eye Contour Lifting Cream ($95), L'Oreal Revitalift Bright Reveal Moisturizer + Sunscreen ($17.93), Dr. Hauschka Rose Day Cream ($26.65), and Själ Saphir Concentrate ($175). Well, it's December and I have been waiting ALL YEAR for the skincare line that Jennifer Lopez was supposedly launching in 2019, but it still has not been released. A true tragedy. We all know Jennifer is blessed with beauty genes, but I really just wanted to know what skincare products she uses to obtain such a lovely, dewy face at 50 FREAKING YEARS OLD! So, I started doing some research and – at first – I was really bummed because I was finding stuff I already knew, like wear sunscreen daily, drink lots of water, and get lots of sleep. Last year, she told In Style she tries to get 9-10 hours of sleep! But, then I found the actual products she reportedly uses. In an interview with Well + Good, her makeup artist Mary Phillips said that Jennifer loves Själ Saphir Concentrate – a facial oil that contains aquamarine, botanical retinol, soothing blue chamomile, and a biomarine complex. And, in an interview with Hello!, Jennifer listed Lancer The Method: Cleanse and Lancer Eye Contour Lifting Cream as some of her favorite beauty products. (I also found out Candace Cameron Bure uses Lancer products as well.) In addition, I found the moisturizing cream she swears by, straight from her lips! The last thing I kept comi