In case you're not familiar, burnout is basically severe stress and high ideals related to work/your job resulting in feeling exhausted, listless, and unable to cope. In case you didn't know, there are actually thousands of Skills on Alexa and many of them can help guide you through at-home workouts, healthy eatings tips, and even meditation. "Start the day with meditation, and if you've never mediated before, just breathe for 10 minutes. Just breathing and connecting with your breathe for 10 minutes — if that's too long, do 5 minutes. Take that time." "Hydration is so important, even when it's cold outside. A lot of times we have toxins accumulating and it actually causes even more stress. Heavy metals are in our system, so drinking water hydrates and flushes everything out." "Yoga, dance, or kick-boxing, whatever it is — move your body in the morning. Because in the morning you'll release those happy endorphins so you're feeling good throughout the rest of the day. It'll also increase your blood flow and help reduce anxiety." "Açai bowls, a smoothie, anything light. It's OK to have pancakes and waffles, and sausage and bacon, but not every single day." "Put it in a smoothie, a salad, have a bowl. A lot of us are missing this because we're always on-the-go. Those have all the antioxidants and vital nutrients that we need to feel good and feel vibrant." "If you're sitting at a desk you can circle the shoulders a couple times and move your head side to side." "Some people work through their lunch break. No, take that time for you. Go out and get in nature. Even if you're in a city, go outside, look up at the sky. If you have a skyline office, look out at the city. Just take a moment to disconnect from your phone, disconnect your computer. Take care of you first and you will always have enough energy to take care of others. The work is gonna be there no matter what." "This is great to get you out of a mid-day slump. Whoever your favorite musician is, just put it on an