With the recent rash of states restricting abortion rights, doctors are often left out of the conversation around this highly politicized medical procedure. Photographer Melissa Golden attended the March for Reproductive Freedom in Birmingham, Alabama, on May 19, 2019, and spoke with doctors and medical students about their views on the new restrictions. Here are their thoughts. “I’m here for one reason: advocating for my patients and just making sure that they have the rights to get a safe abortion in the future. Nobody should have that right taken away from them.” “I was born in Alabama, I grew up here. I left and got my medical training in other parts of the country — and now I’m back to serve the women of Alabama, and they deserve better. That’s why I’m here today." “Abortion doesn’t stop just because it’s banned. It only means that those procedures are performed unsafely, and the result is that more women will suffer and more women will die as a result of this.” “I think it’s my responsibility as a future OBGYN to fight for my patients ... so that I can practice the full range of obstetric and gynecologic health care.” “I decided to become an abortion provider when I was in Africa in a country that had an abortion law that is very similar to the one that Alabama just passed, and I saw a woman die from an unsafe abortion. … It is an absolute honor and a privilege to get to do what I do. "I have trained most of my adult life to learn how to take care of women at every stage of their life, whether that’s when they are 12 and getting their first period, if they’re 35 and having a hard time getting pregnant, if they are in their twenties and having a baby for the first time, or they’re in their sixties and they’re being diagnosed with cancer — it’s an absolute honor to get to take care of women during every single part of their reproductive life. "Abortion is just as much a part of that as any of those other absolutely incredible milestones and parts of their life. 