Like "banging your funny bone a thousand times over" bad. But...I guess they keep us on our toes? I mean, I *wish* it was just a headache! This leads to so many fruitless doctor conversations I've lost count. People sensitivity... Usually laying in bed for that long would be called a "great weekend." Even those who do get migraines can't necessarily relate to what yours feels like. They're usually very quick to suggest taking the afternoon off, but it often turns judgmental if it goes any longer. Trust us, we'd hang out if we could! Especially with some people able to function through a migraine attack, it can make you feel like you're making a big deal of things. Which can be kinda lonely. Aged cheeses, rain, salty food, jogging, onions, bananas, loud noises... Surprise! You're triggered by avocados now, too! My warning signs are tiny blindspots, so I'm constantly reading small print to figure out whether I need to rush off or not. See you on the other side! Hopefully! "Is there anything I can do?" is a personal favorite. Look, migraines are the WORST. They're a random, miserable, unexplainable, pain-in-the-behind with pretty much zero rhyme or reason to them. And while everyone loves to say they "get migraines too"... ...a headache and a migraine are two veeeeery different things. In fact, no two people's experiences of migraines are alike. There's light sensitivity, weather sensitivity, food sensitivity... And for some, the after effects can last literally days. Which really makes it hard to feel like anyone really understands what you go through. And people tend to get much less sympathetic when you need to take time off. Or if you need to skip out on plans. Which, in turn, can make you feel a little guilty. The triggers can be pretty random too. And juuuuust when you think you might have figured it out, you get thrown a curveball. So you're constantly on alert for those trigger signs in case you need to run to your nearest medicine stash. Because if it turns ou