Speaking to Self in 2018, Sarah revealed that she contemplated killing herself after the first kidney transplant failed. She said: "I was very depressed. When a family member gives you a second chance at life, and it fails, it almost feels like it's your fault. It's not. But it does. For a long time, I was contemplating suicide, because I didn't want to fail my little brother like I failed my dad." She's even given the bloated area on her stomach a nickname — her "KUPA", standing for "kidney upper pussy area". Speaking in 2018, Sarah explained: "It's this bittersweet moment of 'Oh my gosh, I have a new life!' but then also being an actress and being held up to this sort of pedestal of how you're supposed to look. Sometimes I have complete meltdowns in the middle of fittings, being like 'KUPA will show.'" She may be one of the most famous actors in the world thanks to her role in Modern Family, but Sarah Hyland is also known for being incredibly open and honest about her health issues over the years. As well as endometriosis, Sarah also has kidney dysplasia — a condition which has resulted in her having 16 surgeries over her lifetime, including two kidney transplants — one from her father in 2012, and another from her brother in 2017 after her body rejected the first. Sarah has also spoken at length about the lasting effects of surgery on her body — in particular, the abdominal swelling caused by her new kidney connecting to the old ones. Well, Sarah has now made the brave decision to share a photo of her stomach, revealing the scars from her surgery. Taking to Instagram, Sarah posted this photo of herself — wearing some special underwear gifted from The Ellen Show — in which her scars were visible. In the caption, which also referenced Ellen DeGeneres' recent claims that Jennifer Aniston is her best friend, Sarah used the hashtag #ShowYourScars in celebration of her own. And people immediately began praising Sarah for being so candid. Many shared their own experienc