"We went to therapy and our therapist told me to end it and get as far away from him as possible." —jessicah477d15ee4 "It gave me perspective to see how abusive and controlling he was. I had been making excuses up to that point as to why he did the things he did to me and that it wasn't so bad because he rarely hit me. I believed it was always something I did. After eight years together, nearly two married, I waited until he was at work, packed up my dogs and left. I've met my dream man now and I finally know what love is." —s4fd320672 —sirakttoille —oklatina —laurens423a91fa7 —alexandriabg "I was unhappy, in a toxic relationship where everything was my fault. He was constantly bringing me down and comparing me to his mom. Thing is, he did not let me leave. I'm finally happy with an amazing job and man. Don't let anyone tell you you are not enough or worth it." —vikky "I brushed that off as a combination of too much booze/wedding day stress, but I wasn’t happy. Then I really got the hint when he drove me to my parents house, knocked on their door, dropped me off and said, 'I’m sorry' and left ON OUR ONE-YEAR ANNIVERSARY. Turns out he had been sleeping with a co-worker for at least six months of our marriage." —alih26 —koraq —idkyet "I started making plans to leave at that point. Eight months later I moved out and the marriage was over." —eithneb —karap "It wasn't that I didn't love him or that he was a bad guy, I just needed more. He'd always been clear on who he was and what he could provide me with. I felt better off alone. And he got a better life out of the deal, too!" —e484de765a —maridgely "It was the best decision I ever made for me and my children." —crs9210 —myfury —rachaelh4aedbe54a "After eighteen years of marriage, I have been single about a year now and I’ve never been happier. Even though I’m a single working mom of three kids, I have more energy than when I was married. It’s been awesome." —annieb45945f625 "A year and a half later, guess what I got AS