Gloria Friday was visiting her hometown of Borroloola a few weeks ago when she became sick. Friday has kidney disease and now lives in Darwin, 700km away from the remote community, so she can receive the dialysis she needs three times a week. But separated from her country and her family, she gets homesick and returns occasionally. “I just go for a couple of days; I miss one dialysis, I come up to Darwin and empty fluid,” she told BuzzFeed News. She can manage as long as she doesn't drink too much fluid, she said. But “the nurses [in Borroloola] want to have nothing to do with dialysis mob,” she said. “They’re very strict." On this occasion, Friday said she was “overflowing with fluid”. She called Borroloola’s Community Health Centre for help. "And then [the person who answered the phone] said to me, 'Well, I’m very sorry, we can’t do anything for dialysis patients'. I said: 'Why?'. She said: '‘You people ought to learn to look after yourself'. "I said, 'Look, that’s not fair, you should come and check me out anyway'. That night, my life was threatening. I was short of a wind. And she wouldn’t come." Friday said she sat up all night and flew back to Darwin the next morning, where she complained to federal senator Malarndirri McCarthy, who hails from Borroloola. McCarthy’s office made a verbal complaint to the office of Northern Territory health minister Natasha Fyles, who undertook to investigate with a view to counselling the Borroloola clinic staff member. A spokesperson for Fyles confirmed an inquiry had been conducted, but declined to comment on its findings or outcomes. McCarthy's office has not yet heard back about the result of the investigation.When BuzzFeed News contacted the clinic, it was referred to the NT Department of Health. Asked about Friday's claim, the department (which oversees the clinic) said confidentiality prevented it from commenting on specific patients. Friday is one of many renal patients from remote communities forced to move to the NT's