Before I was born, my mom had an ectopic pregnancy — that's when the fertilized egg grows outside the uterus. Three months into the pregnancy, her fallopian tube ruptured. She wanted another child so badly, but the doctors said she needed to have an abortion or else she would die. My mom decided the right thing to do was to have an abortion so that she could live and raise my older brother.  Two years later, I was born. Had she not gotten the abortion, she would have died and I wouldn’t have been born. Even though her abortion was done for life-saving purposes, she still believes that everyone should have that choice, no questions asked. —andrewg4ff9ab9cb Not really seeing many stories from men on here, so I guess I’ll go ahead and share mine. My girlfriend and I were 19 and 20 respectively, we had both just dropped out of college, and we were working shit jobs in a shit town. After learning she was pregnant and a very brief discussion (we were pretty much already on the same page), she went in for the abortion and that was that. We could barely afford to keep ourselves alive, so we couldn’t imagine trying to care for someone else.  Since the abortion, we've turned our lives around and gotten our shit together, separately. We're both in great places in our lives, with great careers in new places. It would have been pretty impossible to do without her option to have an abortion. —alexj4003e7705 My mother was in an extremely abusive relationship. The details she told me (and the ones I've inferred) are horrifying. She was 15 years old, living in a small town, and he essentially groomed her and shamed her into staying with him. When she became pregnant, it was a wake-up call. She knew he would always have a way into her life and she knew he was capable of hurting or even killing a baby.  There wasn't much help available for abused women back in the early '80s, and she didn't have any family capable of helping or scaring the guy off. So she got an abortion and left soon