Trigger warning: Some submissions include stories about sexual assault. I was 22 and was already raising a three-year-old by myself. I’d been using protection with a guy who wouldn’t commit and never wanted children, but I got pregnant anyway. I sold my washer and dryer so I could afford the procedure by myself. If I would have had that baby, I’d be financially crippled and unable to provide for two children who would’ve led tough, tough lives. I regret nothing. —pilard3 I had the procedure done four days before my 19th birthday. I could barely take care of myself, so how could I take care of another human? My family is very Catholic and pro-life, so I never told them. Thankfully my close friends who I did tell were super supportive. I would’ve been a mess without them. Absolutely no regrets. —barbiebarf I was 24. My copper IUD slipped out of place. Strings still felt normal when I checked every month, so I had no idea. I made less than $20,000 at my job and hadn't yet finished school. There was never any doubt. I couldn't bring a child into this world who I wasn't ready or able to support when there are already so many other children waiting to find homes. —alannahn479e47edf Almost six years ago I was in an abusive relationship, and my sanity was already slipping before I found out I was pregnant. Had I not gotten an abortion, I would still be tied to that man, and I don't think I would have survived. —a4c1ecdbc6 I was 18. The condom broke. He wanted me to keep it, but I broke down to my mum and she took me to the clinic. No regrets. Eternal gratitude to my mother for not letting me bow to his wishes when I knew I didn’t want to be a mother, especially before I was really an adult. —jow40688b57c I was 20, insecure, unhappy, and in an abusive relationship. I was on the pill and the condom broke, but I still got pregnant. I had no question about going through with the abortion. My angel has since been the drive behind my getting a degree and striving for the best in 