"One of my friends decided to try anal with her boyfriend, but her dad walked in while they were having sex. Her boyfriend pulled his dick out super fast, which caused her to shit all over his stomach and chest. Apparently the smell was so awful that he then started to throw up. Poor dad saw the whole damn thing." —dreav488 "I have a heart condition where I faint when I get hurt. I don't tell many people, 'cause I don't think everyone needs to know. Well, one time my boyfriend was slamming into me during sex, and his dick slipped out. When he tried to ram it back in, he accidentally went in the wrong hole. I screamed and tried to run to the bathroom before I fainted in front of him, but I didn't make it in time. I passed out on his bedroom floor and woke up to hear him screaming for HIS MOM to come help!" —brittanyd26 "I was in a threesome with two guys who happened to be friends. One of them insisted I blow him while riding the other one. He pushed my head really hard into him, right as he was about to cum, which made me choke and pull away. This made all of his cum spray right onto his buddy’s face, and a bit got into his mouth. I will always wondered if their friendship survived that sperm facial." —laurenh44b "I occasionally get lockjaw. One time I was giving my boyfriend a blow job – he's quite big and girthy – and my jaw started to hurt. I thought, fuck it, and kept going, which was a big mistake. It got to the point where I couldn’t open my mouth wide enough to get his dick out, so I had to pry my mouth open with my fingers. Whoops." —shelbeed "I was going down on my boyfriend in my dorm room. His muscles were all tense, and he was breathing really hard. He said he wasn't going to finish because he had too much to drink, so we both got dressed. I noticed these weird brown streaks on my sheets. He pretended to be confused and left immediately. That's when I realized why he was acting so weird, because he was trying to hold in his shit while I had his dick in m