When Michelle*, 21, was 18, she and her sister were experiencing abuse at the hands of their step-father. Her attempt to leave home was thwarted when an application for Centrelink support was knocked back. She decided to go to headspace, a mental health service for people aged 12 to 25, with over 100 centres through Australia. It focuses on early intervention and services tailored to young people. It also offers phone and online support, as well as help with physical and sexual health, drug and alcohol issues, and life skills. She had previously received headspace services on and off since her early teenage years, and she decided to go back again to a centre in Melbourne’s east. She started regularly meeting with a mental health nurse over the next few months, building up a relationship. Her sessions were helpful, but then the nurse was promoted to a role where he no longer saw patients. Instead of referring her to someone else in headspace, Michelle says the nurse gave her the name of an external person, whom she couldn’t afford to pay. “So my support ended,” she said. BuzzFeed News put Michelle's story to headspace CEO Jason Trethowan, who said headspace, like other services, had capacity constraints. "Safely moving young people on is something we have to do on an all too regular basis," he said. Where headspace does not have capacity or the right clinicians, it will refer people to partners in the mental health system, he said. Michelle recently emailed the same centre saying she needed support and asking for an appointment. She was surprised to find the waiting list was 12 weeks. “In 12 weeks I’m not even going to be in the country, so there’s no point,” she said. “When I was there, when I was in sessions talking to professionals, I found it helpful,” Michelle said. “The issue was that the support didn’t seem to be always available or ongoing.” headspace plays a significant role in both the Coalition's and Labor's promises to address youth mental health in their