It's totally normal to feel more tired than usual when starting the keto diet. And don't be surprised if you're suddenly taking more trips to the bathroom — you are making a major change in what you eat, after all. Flu-like symptoms are common for those starting the keto diet for the first time, Staying hydrated and consuming enough fat are essential for a quick recovery. Creating any grocery list is hard enough as it is. Make sure your shopping cart is loaded with foods that are high in good fats, and don't even THINK about stepping into the pastry aisle. Products that contain natural sweeteners, like stevia, are fine to have while you're on the keto diet. No need to say goodbye to your favorite foods! Substitute Parmesan crisps for salad croutons and go bulletproof with your coffee. Some alcoholic beverages — like vodka and gin — are actually low in carbs. Wine lovers should opt for drier varieties, like the pinots. Half-and-half and heavy whipping cream are better for your coffee because they contain fewer carbs than whole milk. Some sugar-free syrups, like vanilla and cinnamon dolce, contain just one carb per pump. Always remember that the beauty of Starbucks is that you can always ask for less! You can still enjoy a double cheeseburger minus the ketchup and buns. And the bacon egg bites from Starbucks are already low in carbs — no adjustments needed! There are more swaps than you think, and you can find them on the @ketohackershop Instagram account. Good news for guac lovers: You don't have to cut this from your order. Sour cream and cheese sauce are also A-OK. Some dairy products contain more carbs than others, so make sure you choose wisely! Stay away from dried and canned fruits since they're high in added sugar and therefore not keto-friendly. Instead, go for fresh berries. Not all leafy greens are made equally — spinach tends to be lower in carbs than lettuce and cabbage. Though highly addictive to snack on, cashews are actually much higher in carbs than p