Oh, and that's not really Jason Momoa, that's my co-worker Christopher Hudspeth who wishes he was him. Jason has worked with celebs like John Krasinski, Jessica Biel, Mandy Moore, Alison Brie, Chloë Grace Moretz, and many more. It is a free, two-week program where Jason walks you through each workout with step-by-step videos. Don't let the above pic fool you, it was taken after only the first rep. I was intensely sweating by the end of it. As someone who only does cardio as a workout, this regime was very challenging for me. I was sore in new parts of my body. In conclusion, I think if someone were to do these workout for an extended period of time, they would definitely be stronger with visible muscle definition. I feel like going forward I am going to incorporate these new workouts into my routine. If you want to try Brie's workout for yourself, you can download the Playbook app on your phone. Hi, Marvel fans! I'm Krista and sometimes I like to pretend I'm Daenerys Targaryen. But this time, I've decided to switch things up a bit. It's time for me to be Captain Marvel. To physically prepare for the role of Captain Marvel, Brie Larson worked with celebrity trainer Jason Walsh. So, I met with Jason at his gym, Rise Movement, to go through the exercises he did with Brie. Normally, the only workouts I do are running or cycling, so the reps he had me do definitely left me winded. The moves were all about strengthening and toning (obvs since Brie was a superhero in the movie).` The workout definitely challenged parts of my body that I usually don't train at all. After our session, Jason told me his workouts with Brie were on a fitness app called Playbook. He said I could use the app as a guide on my own (it was very helpful). So, following the app, I decided to do the workouts for two weeks. Some of them could actually be done at home, like this resistance band exercise. There were three workouts per week, and each workout was an intense 45 minutes. Here is an unflatteri