She wrote: "I’d never experienced fear like that — a sense of doom closing in. I could see my life ahead, and it wasn’t worth living. I am an actor; I need to remember my lines. Now I couldn’t recall my name. In my worst moments, I wanted to pull the plug. I asked the medical staff to let me die." Speaking to CBS This Morning, she said: "With the second one, there was a bit of my brain that actually died. If part of your brain doesn't get blood to it for a minute, it will just no longer work. It's like you short-circuit." She said: "After my operations, I didn't want to look at my own face. I was so full of drugs from being in the hospital that I had a lot of water retention, and one-half of my face was quite swollen. I felt so deeply unattractive." Clarke said: "My emotions were so heightened. When I looked in the mirror, I just saw pain in my eyes. And no amount of anything can cover that." She said: "I found it very, very difficult. I used to put on makeup without looking in the mirror, which probably made me look a lot worse." She explained, "When you can look at yourself in the eyes and feel OK with what’s looking back at you, then what more do you need?” Back in March, Game of Thrones star Emilia Clarke acknowledged that she'd experienced several life-threatening brain aneurysms during the show's run. In an essay for the New Yorker, Clarke explained that she was rushed into urgent surgery in 2011 after being diagnosed with a subarachnoid haemorrhage — a stroke that can kill one-third of patients. Clarke went on to write that although she returned to work six weeks later, she asked the show's bosses to keep her condition private, and she was feeling as if she was "about to die every minute of every day". Last month, Clarke shared some never-seen-before photos of herself recovering after her first surgery in 2011. She went on to explain that after her second aneurysm in 2013, "part of [her] brain died". Well, Clarke has now opened up some more about her experien