For further help, here are some quick resources:You might want to learn more about starting therapy, since pretty much everyone can benefit from talking to a professional.You can learn more about mental disorders here.And if you need to talk to someone immediately, the US National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 1-800-273-8255. A list of international suicide hotlines can be found here. "I had the house to myself for the first time in months, so I got myself some hard cider, made a pizza from scratch (pre-made pizza dough is the BEST), and put some cookies in the oven. Then I got cozy, posted in front of the TV, and watched a movie. It was EVERYTHING. It seems so simple, but when you need to focus on you, do exactly what you think will make you feel better." —michellef61 "Have a night in and do face masks. The sillier the masks look, the better!" —jiannag "For me, it’s getting into the gym and pushing myself further than I have before, whether it’s trying to run a faster mile or lifting heavier weights, etc. It's about pushing myself out of my head and getting in touch with my body and my own personal strength." —shannonc4f8cc995d "Exercise. I hate doing it — and sometimes I hate every second of it — but the idea that I got out and accomplished something instantly improves my mood." —treamariemc "I think about the activities I enjoyed as a kid and try to do one or two." —christinak4b24cd916 "I use a great iPhone app called '#selfcare.' It has little activities that are simple and somewhat mindless, so you can do them and recenter yourself. It offers guided breathing, affirmations, fidget games, and calming sounds. Plus, you get a cat that you can pet without the scratches and allergies!"  —timk489060b6d "I try meditating with an app that helps. Personally, I like Oak and Headspace. They even have someone who talks you through the process as well as unguided sessions." —nataliag450d6c1fb "Sometimes I just need a hard reset, so I start winding down at like 6:00 p.m. an