"I work for the hospital, and I work with doctors (along with other RNs, respiratory therapists, pharmacists, techs, radiology, etc.). We are a team. I couldn't do my job without them, and they certainly couldn't do their job without me." —julianneg4 "A lot of the time, nurses are the ones correcting orders or telling the doctors what needs to be done. We are constantly advocating for patients behind the scenes." —oneloveyogi "I'm an RN and had a patient tell me, 'Your job isn't stressful. All you do is take my blood pressure. I drive a truck – now that's stressful.' Well, sir, I'm currently assessing eight things about you while taking your blood pressure, I just came from four other patients' rooms, my other patient is palliative and might die today, but, please, go on and tell me that I don't know about stress." —shannooney "The other four days a week are spent recovering, sleeping, rehydrating, and attempting to rejoin society." —lydiam45c5c3120 "People often tell me that working three days a week sounds so easy! Um, excuse you?! Try holding your bladder for the entirety of those three 12-hour shifts, boo!" —allyvandem "Chances are, when I get the call on my two-way to go to their room, I'm steps away from the toilet assisting a fresh hip replacement to walk or slinging up a bolus on a hypotensive patient. So when it takes me 15 minutes to get to you, please don't say 'that took long enough!' I promise, we get to you as quickly as we absolutely can." —angelaburnsd "Some patients think my job is to answer their every beck and call. No, fool. I'm here to keep you alive, and if I feel like that last dose of pain medicine will make you not breathe well, I'm not giving it to you." —stephanieg44d08460d "I find that it's most frustrating when people assume that I'm in nursing because I didn't get into a medical science undergraduate program because I wasn't smart enough. —luannaime "A lot of people think I only became a nurse because I'd be guaranteed a job, but that's