FYI: This post definitely isn't making light of severe allergies. Luckily these people can all look back and laugh at what happened to them. Let this serve as a reminder for why allergies should always be taken seriously. Enjoy! "Apparently I'm allergic to dust mites. My breathing was never affected, and I only itched a little, but I did get the day off work." —molly1112 "This was my back after my scratch test at my allergist. I wound up in the ER a few times, and I thought it was about time to figure out exactly what I was allergic to. Turns out, I am allergic to life." —christinaoey "Ever heard of the drink Kombucha? Well, neither did I... until my friend offered me just one small swig. Thirty minutes later, this was what I looked like." —timmyd4ed91ce1c "I had this rash on my face for over a year when my doctor prescribed me a topical steroid for some mild eczema around my nose. It took me about eight months and several different dermatologist visits to discover that the steroid was the issue. The real reaction came from stopping the steroid. I stayed home for three months and felt like my face was on the verge of splitting in half." —marleynx "I went to the doctor, and apparently I am extremely allergic to dust. This is what happens when I'm in a dusty area: my eyes grow to the size of golf balls." —melfill "This is how we found out I have Mast Cell Activation Disorder (MCAD). The culprit? Flax seed, which I only touched ONE time." —valeriev422e61815 "My lip started swelling up because of some new medicine that I turned out to be allergic to. My whole face was numb, and I had to stay in the hospital overnight because they couldn't get the swelling down. Luckily it didn't hurt at all." —tiffbey "I am allergic to the sun and mistakingly went out without a hat on. Ended up in the emergency room." —pereiraolg "I'm deathly allergic to latex. This was the aftermath of someone holding a balloon and then grabbing my arm. It was so swollen and painful that I couldn't go 