"I am here to show that, while my exterior is noticeable, one must have some goals, solid beliefs and drive to maintain longevity," she says. "I feel like my plastic surgery gave me the outside that matched my inside. It gave me my sexy back! The confidence and empowerment I’ve felt from my surgeries and watching my body transform in front of my eyes has been the most amazing experience. I was so blessed that I felt it was my God-given destiny to pay it forward and help other women achieve their body goals." Allegra has had four breast augmentations, two Brazilian butt-lifts, and one tummy tuck. "Boobjobs4moms.com is in the beta stages. Right now it's accepting applicants. I am working with a web designer to make it more interactive," says Allegra. ACole Industries, or ACI, is a production company run by Allegra that produces everything from Youtube videos to spoofs to sexy content that the models can use to sell in their donation packages. Allegra also says it is a one-stop-shop for any social media and marketing needs. "We also offer advice, assistance, and consultation to interested women," says Allegra. "I realized there was a need for something like this many years ago when I would talk to my girlfriends that already had boob jobs. Every single one admitted they would have gone bigger. Not one woman ever said to me, "Gosh I just went too big,'" Allegra adds. Allegra has a very personal and emotional investment in her company because she's experienced the process. "I know the toll it can take on a woman, even without having the expense of the surgery weighing down on her," she says. Allegra says her company is a place where she can direct women to a doctor that will fit their needs. She wants to give women personal connections to doctors, including resources and discounts. "My husband makes me feel powerful and even more influential. He’s a true genius. And I’m showing my children that anything is possible when you combine consistent effort, sheer will, and beli