Some submissions have been edited for length and/or clarity. "Every birth is different. The labor for my first daughter felt like a belt around my waist was being slowly tightened a loosened." —ksloan10 —karae1812 "The pain would explode from my back, down my legs and butt. Then, when I was pushing....THERE WAS SO MUCH PRESSURE. It felt like my butt was going to blow off. But he was so worth it." —c407a906c0 "I had a C-Section." —rachels425508c64 "They say you forget the pain, but you don’t! Just thinking about it, I can remember exactly what labor with my son felt like, and he’s two and a half." –Kimberly Durant, Facebook —robotmouthwash —ashleyb65 —laurenp48b42f47b "Granted, I had an epidural that was so effective, I was paralyzed from my armpits down...but that vacuum-suck feel came in loud and clear." —reamund —stoopidme —melodyb4549a79e1 —abbyh4a860a9cd "AND I had an epidural!" —toshredsyousay "BUT once the baby comes out they are the most beautiful thing you’ve even seen...covered in your blood and mucus. Women are warriors." —momma12312 —jillwulffm "It was the worst, most painful experience of my life! I love my daughter, but I could NEVER go through that pain again. I knew it was going to hurt, but I had no idea I was going to feel pain on that level!" —melissac4eef62082 —dollyheavenlypop "I was expecting, like, shooting pain, but what I got was extremely intense pressure pushing on my bowel." —laurenk486b7dddf —alicea4e679cdf6 Hey, you. It's me again. The one bringing you the mildly horrifying – OK, extremely horrifying – childbirth stories from the BuzzFeed Community. Lucky for you, we've got some more gems. Enjoy! "Being in labor with my second daughter felt like a fire goblin was trying to crawl out of my asshole." "You know when your lips are really chapped in the corners and then you eat salty chips and you feel like your mouth is going to rip open? It's that but then add on someone pulling your lips as wide open as humanly possible until your mouth lo