Some submissions have been edited for length and/or clarity. "While pushing I literally turned to my partner and said, 'I think I’m pushing the baby out of my butt.'" —vel728 "You're sweating and crying and you don’t know care if your husband's aunt sees the OBGYN stick her whole arm in your vagina to check dilation." —diamondm41a29eed5 "All of this happened while I was awake." —j4d56c83bb "My kiddo refused to come out after 12 freaking hours, so they sent me for a C-Section. My ribs felt like a xylophone as they pulled her out and the first words out of my mouth as I looked at my precious new baby were, 'I can breathe again!'" —amishgirl281 —hollyskittlesb —amandab4a261d8b4 "I had a C-Section and it was the most intense pushing and pulling pressure you could ever imagine." —meaganv3 "Just like in heist movies when they are trying to get into a vault." —alliic "I had a nine-pound baby with no meds – not by choice." —pjlucci "That was from Carol Burnett and it's so accurate!" —lunallee212 "It got better after I had the epidural, but it did NOTHING for the ring of fire. That shit cannot be masked." —saraf46cbcaf4c "When your water breaks, everything is at least five times more painful." —cheyennerosea "Baby one: I started puking when my baby crowned, with a fourth-degree tear to the butthole. Baby two: Imagine what it feels like breaking your tailbone 'cause that's what my second child did to me coming out! Baby three: I have no memory because of a complication with my epidural. Baby four: No epidural and I screamed so much I required oxygen." "My epidural didn't take after three tries (yes, this can actually happen) AND I had Pitocin, so the contractions were extra strong. Then, add vomiting to the mix. Oh, and innocent little med students asking, 'Mind if we take a peek down there?' There is a reason I only have one child." —highland207 —giannaw46bbc5340 "Some moms say it’s not as bad as you think, but I was in excruciating pain. One of my friends said it felt like 