When a woman is pregnant, her body's blood volume increases by as much as 50%, which can make the vagina swollen and super sensitive. Her breasts are also engorged and sensitive. In addition, pregnant women have increased levels of oxytocin, estrogen, and progesterone, which can lead to heightened arousal and amazing orgasms. So, obviously, lots of women have increased sexual desire during pregnancy — and a whole lot more orgasms. A woman's vagina is likely going to change or increase in odor when she's pregnant, and that's a result of her changing hormones. The pH levels in the vagina change during pregnancy. The Journal of Perinatal Education says women may taste saltier or more metallic. The phenomenon known as lightning crotch is when pregnant women experience a sharp or shooting pain in their vagina, rectum, or pelvis. Some women describe the pain as feeling like a lightning bolt to the vagina (hence the name). Lightning crotch is most common in the last trimester of pregnancy. It's true, pregnant women produce more discharge to protect their cervix. When women are close to their due date, they may expel a gooey mucus plug out of their vagina, which is a sign that they are about to give birth. Unfortunately, vaginal itchiness is a common side effect of pregnancy. This happens because the increased vaginal discharge and pH changes irritate the sensitive skin in that area. Due to increased estrogen levels and pH level changes in a woman's vagina during pregnancy, yeast infections can be common. A pregnant woman's risk of having a UTI is only slightly higher than it is when they are not pregnant. However, the risk of having the UTI progress to a kidney infection increases to 40%. Up to 22% of pregnant women get vaginal varicose veins. The added pressure and weight of the baby create the varicose veins, which can cause swelling, pressure, or pain. They are most common in the second or third trimester of pregnancy. Pregnant women's pubic hair grows faster than usual