Apple just announced its brand-new iPhones: iPhone 11, iPhone 11 Pro, and iPhone 11 Pro Max. In 2017, the company changed the iPhone’s naming convention to “iPhone X,” a nod to the device’s 10th anniversary — and this year, Apple is changing how it names the iPhone again. Here’s the lowdown: The “11 Pro and Pro Max” are Apple’s high-end phones and successors to the XS and XS Max, while the more budget-friendly iPhone 11 is the upgrade to the iPhone XR. (Apple should really name its devices with the release year, like cars. The 2019 iPhone. The 2020 iPhone. It’s so much easier! Whatever.) The biggest difference between the two — the 11 Pro/Pro Max and 11 — is their screens. The 11 has an LCD screen, while the Pro and Pro Max have OLED screens, which have more contrast (in other words, blacker blacks and brighter whites). There is also another distinction between the two: the 11 has two camera lenses and the Pro/Pro Max lines have three. Apart from screen and camera lenses, all three phones have a new, faster, and more energy-efficient chip (A13 bionic), and a slew of camera software improvements. It’s now 12 megapixels, up from 7 megapixels in last year’s model. There’s an ultrawide capability and also slo-mo for, uh, slo-mo selfies. The new three-camera system on the iPhone Pro and Pro Max is designed for better wide-angle photography (for 4x optical zoom range), higher-resolution images, and better 4K video recording. The three lenses are telephoto, wide, and ultra wide, and you can switch between them using the iPhone’s zoom adjust tool. The ultrawide lens has a 120-degree field-of-view lens and f/2.4 aperture. The new iPhones are designed with a shatter-resistant glass material that, the company said, can withstand more kinds of drops. The smartphones can be submerged under water for longer, too. The iPhone now ships with a bigger, 18-watt charging brick (last year's iPhones ship with 5-watt chargers) to power up the Pro and Pro Max’s battery faster. The iPhone P