Apple’s ability to generate attention around a launch event remains unparalleled, and Tuesday morning’s gathering at its 1,000-seat Steve Jobs Theater in Cupertino, California, was no different. Its event went just about as expected: new phones, new tablets, new watches. New! At this year’s annual fall media gathering, the device maker unveiled three versions of the new iPhone 11, including new “Pro” lines that feature three camera lenses. Also launched: a refreshed Apple Watch with ceramic and titanium chassis options, a new iPad, and Apple Arcade, a game subscription service for $4.99 a month. Apple TV+, the company’s new service for original movies and music, is also set for release on Nov. 1. Apple is saying the iPhone 11 Pro is the highest-performing design yet. It comes with a bevy of upgrades including an OLED panel, HDR 10, stronger glass, and better water resistance. It's 15% more energy-efficient and its display is being called the Super Retina XDR. It has an A13 bionic chip. The iPhone Pro has a battery that will last at least four hours longer and comes with a fast charge. The camera on the iPhone Pro has a new wide camera, a new telephoto camera, and a new ultrawide camera. The phone's image signal process will allow all kinds of new photo options, including a 4x optical zoom range. Also, after a software update this fall, the iPhone Pro will support something called "Deep Fusion," which uses a neural engine to shoot nine images, analyze them, and then optimize pixel-by-pixel for detail and low noise. The phone also shoots 4K and 60 frames-per-second video. iOS 13 has more video editing options built into the Photos app. Pricing for the iPhone 11 Pro starts at $999, and the iPhone 11 Pro Max starts at $1,099. They are available for preorder on Friday. The Phone 11 is Apple's successor to the iPhone XR. It has a faster A13 Bionic processor, which Apple claims is the fastest graphics processor in a mobile phone, and a dual camera system. The iPhone 11 sta