Last week, I received a friendly yet professional email from a publicity firm called Locust Street saying it was contracted by e-cigarette startup (and perfect companion to a black cherry White Claw) Juul. This would be normal — I get a lot of pitches from PR agents because I’m a reporter — but it wasn’t sent to me as a reporter. It was sent to me because, uh, I’m a customer of the juul.com website. (You can’t buy mango pods in physical stores anymore. Don’t judge me.) Locust Street’s email read: My name is [redacted] and I am an Outreach Specialist with Locust Street Community Solutions. I’m reaching out to you on behalf of Juul Labs, who has contracted with Locust Street to support its services and collect success stories from New Yorkers who have made the switch to Juul from combustible cigarettes. We received your information as a Juul user from Juul Labs and we are only using this contact information to support our services on behalf of the company and to discuss your “switch story.” I attempted to reach you by phone, but I’m emailing in case this is an easier way to get in touch. I hope that we can talk to discuss your experience with Juul products. Please feel free to give me a call back at [redacted] or reply to this email if you’d like to share your story! Juul is indeed sharing customer information — names, email addresses, and phone numbers — with a PR firm that specializes in grassroots political messaging for business clients, Locust Street Group, a publicity firm based in Washington, DC. A representative for Juul confirmed that the company hired Locust Street for a public affairs campaign in New York, where the state government is currently mulling a ban on flavored e-cigarettes. It’s rare, but not unheard of, for a company to reach out to customers to find personal testimonials for advertising campaigns. I’ve never had someone call me up and ask me to participate in an advertisement based on an order I placed online, but certainly this thing happens. 