The official Twitter account of Jack Dorsey, the CEO of the social media platform, was hacked on Friday and used to broadcast racial slurs and a bomb threat.Shortly before 1 p.m. in San Francisco on Friday, Dorsey's @jack account tweeted a link to a Discord chat and RT'd a series of tweets, including one that read, "follow me i am jacks daddy." The account also tweeted a string of racist slurs and a bomb threat directed at Twitter's headquarters. The tweets were removed within about 20 minutes of publication. "The phone number associated with the account was compromised due to a security oversight by the mobile provider," a company spokesperson said in a statement. "This allowed an unauthorized person to compose and send tweets via text message from the phone number. That issue is now resolved." A source familiar with the situation confirmed that Dorsey had been "SIM swapped," or a process in which a hacker takes over a victim’s mobile phone number, and with that cellular account access, gains controls to applications connected to the phone number. This can happen if a hacker uses some personal information about a person — like the last four digits of a Social Security number, a credit card number, or even a fake ID — and calls the victim’s carrier’s customer service to move a mobile account over to another SIM card. A Twitter spokesperson would not confirm if that was the case and did not say which mobile carrier Dorsey employed. They also didn't comment on the Twitter CEO's whereabouts. When asked if the hackers had further access to Dorsey's account like his direct messages, the spokesperson declined to comment. Discord, a messaging app that's popular with gamers, took down the server hosting the chat tweeted by the @jack account. Before the server was taken down, BuzzFeed News discovered discussions suggesting the hackers might target President Donald Trump's account next. Dorsey's hacked tweets were posted to Twitter through an app called Cloudhopper, which was