Amazon-owned home security company Ring has long maintained that its video-enabled doorbells do not use facial recognition technology. On Wednesday, it reaffirmed that commitment to the Washington Post, stating that its devices do not employ the controversial tech that some US cities have banned. “Ring does not use facial recognition technology,” a company spokesperson told BuzzFeed News on Thursday, repeating the claim. But that’s not the whole story, according to documents obtained by BuzzFeed News. While Ring devices don’t currently use facial recognition technology, the company’s Ukraine arm appears to be working on it. “We develop semi-automated crime prevention and monitoring systems which are based on, but not limited to, face recognition,” reads Ring Ukraine’s website. BuzzFeed News also found a 2018 presentation from Ring Ukraine's "head of face recognition research" online and direct references to the technology on its website. Ring’s contradictory statements about its facial recognition efforts is just the latest example of the Amazon-owned company’s lack of transparency regarding its products. On Wednesday, the company revealed that it was working with more than 400 law enforcement agencies in the US, after spending months stonewalling media outlets, activists, and researchers who asked questions about the company’s partnerships with police departments. “We are on the verge of an unprecedented increase in state and private spying that will be built in plain sight,” Evan Greer, the deputy director of the digital rights group Fight for the Future, wrote in an op-ed in BuzzFeed News last month. “It will be built in winsome partnership between corporations and government agencies hungry for more data and control.” On Wednesday, after months of public pressure, Ring disclosed partnerships with 405 US police departments — nearly double the amount previously known — that allow officers to easily request video footage from Ring users in the investigation of pote