In a surreal court appearance Wednesday, Troy Woody and Mir Islam, the two American hackers accused of killing Tomi Masters in the Philippines last year, were identified by a witness as having dumped a box later found to contain Masters’ body in the Pasig River. The pair, who showed up for their murder trial in Manila with no attorneys present, unsuccessfully attempted to have their trial delayed and were instead appointed representation by the presiding judge. Masters was dating Woody before her death, and the two men have given conflicting accounts of what happened. BuzzFeed News spoke to Woody and Islam, who were clad in yellow prison shirts and flip-flops, as they sat outside the courthouse awaiting their trial. During the interview, the pair changed their story, yet again, from their previous accounts of Masters’ death. Islam claimed that Masters left for Tagaytay, a resort area south of Manila, the morning before she was found dead. When BuzzFeed News asked Woody when he last saw Masters, he struggled to answer before saying, “I don’t remember.” Islam attributed the change in explanations to bad advice from their previous attorneys. “Attorneys are bad. They told us the wrong things to say,” Islam, who claims to have studied law in the US, told BuzzFeed News. Islam, a core member of the hacking collective UGNazi, had previously served several years in federal prison in the United States following a sting in which he was arrested for accepting what he believed were stolen credit cards from an undercover FBI agent. Woody was also a core member of UGNazi, but was a minor at the time and escaped prosecution. The two hackers were handcuffed and seated next to each other during the proceedings. Woody clutched a bunch of papers, including a letter of termination from their last lawyer and a quote from a new one. The two were previously appointed a public attorney, who quit, and talks in the court implied the pair were difficult to work with. When Judge Rizalina Capco-