One of the top science articles promoted by Google News to Canadians last Sunday was awkwardly headlined “Are we Ready for Defending Earth from a Killer Asteroid?” The story was published by Advocator.ca, a website that says it “provides news on issues for affecting minorities in Canada.” It lists an office address in Gatineau, Quebec, and has bios with photos for six staffers on its website. In reality, the site doesn’t have an office in Canada, the staff photos actually show actors who starred in a recent Ontario theater company's production of Twelfth Night, and one of the people running the site appears to be based in Romania, a BuzzFeed News investigation has found. Advocator.ca is part of a network of more than a dozen websites that present themselves as Canadian news sources and use fake personas to publish content. They are connected to a larger group of roughly 50 live and offline sites that use at least 85 fake author profile photos. After being contacted by BuzzFeed News, Google said it had removed the network of sites from its AdSense advertising network, as well as from Google News. “We can confirm that we have taken action against a network of sites that have violated our policies on deceptive practices and misrepresentation,” a Google spokesperson said. Separately, the investigation found multiple Facebook pages presenting themselves as Canadian but that are actually run by accounts based in Kosovo, Israel, and the United States. In some cases, the pages and their associated websites spread false or misleading information, or promote visa advisory services to people wanting to immigrate to Canada. Two of the Facebook pages also tried to obscure their foreign origins after being contacted by a reporter. The Facebook pages and websites identified in the investigation are not primarily focused on Canadian politics and as of now have not attempted to influence Canadians ahead of the fall election. But their existence shows how easy it is to masquerade as 