Facebook has until Sept. 30 to provide data it promised to academic researchers or a consortium of funders will cease to support the project, BuzzFeed News has learned. The deadline is contained in a soon-to-be-released statement from the Social Science Research Council, a nonprofit that has worked to administer the proposal and grant process as part of a larger project to provide Facebook data to academics. Facebook said in April 2018 it would share data with academics to help them research the effects of social media on democracy. BuzzFeed News revealed last week that funders and researchers were beginning to lose patience with the company because it had not yet provided all of the necessary data, and had said it would not provide some of the data it initially promised. Facebook said the challenge of delivering data in a way that was in line with regulatory requirements and that protected the privacy and security of users had been harder than it expected. In a statement, the company said it would continue to pursue data sharing with academics even if the funders and Social Science Research Council withdraw. Earlier today, those funders — including the Democracy Fund, the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, the Charles Koch Foundation, and Omidyar Network — sent a letter to the SSRC saying that they recommend "winding down the project" unless Facebook can deliver a key data set by the end of September. The funders provided support for grants to be made to researchers. Now the project is in danger of ending, due to what funders claim are delays by Facebook in delivering data, as well as the concern that the company can't "offer a definitive timetable for when the full set of proposed data can be made available." Facebook's statement said it will continue to work to share data with academics in partnership with Social Science One, the entity set up by Harvard and Stanford academics to facilitate data sharing. “Researchers