In a further escalation of the ongoing trade war, President Donald Trump on Friday “ordered” American companies to find alternatives to manufacturing in China, including “bringing your companies HOME,” following that country's announcement of tariffs on imports of $75 billion of American goods. But President Trump has a major problem — companies aren’t planning on relocating their production to the United States. Nor does the president currently have the authority to order them. And the US companies that are leaving China aren’t headed for the Rust Belt, but for countries like Vietnam. “The idea that companies will just come back to the US is unrealistic,” Bethany Aronhalt, a spokesperson for the National Retail Federation, a retail industry lobby group, told BuzzFeed News. “Retailers and other importers could not easily or quickly switch to domestic sources, because they do not exist on the scale that would be needed. Even if there were to be an eventual switch to US sourcing, it would take years to build up a base to support it.” Beijing’s most recent tariffs are the latest action in a game of tit for tat begun by President Trump last year when he announced taxes on Chinese imports as punishment for allegedly stealing intellectual property from US companies. This month, the Trump administration announced it would impose a 10% tax on $300 billion worth of Chinese imports, which include iPhones, toys, footwear, and apparel. After China retaliated, Trump announced Friday evening he would increase the tariffs by an additional 5%. “The vast amounts of money made and stolen by China from the United States, year after year, for decades, will and must STOP,” tweeted Trump on Friday. “Our great American companies are hereby ordered to immediately start looking for an alternative to China, including bringing your companies HOME and making your products in the USA.” Business analysts dismissed the president’s tweets as bluster. “They’re not coming to the United States,” John