Secretary Rick Perry, the man tasked with overseeing America's vast nuclear arsenal in his capacity as head of the Department of Energy, fell victim to a hoax on Instagram on Tuesday. In what is essentially the Instagram version of forwarding a chain email, the former Texas governor, 69, reposted a screenshot of a message falsely claiming the social media company was changing its privacy policy and would make public all users' posts, including deleted messages. It also suggested the company could somehow "use your photos." The message also falsely claimed that any Instagram user who objected to the change could repost the message in order to stop the company. "With this statement, I give notice to Instagram it is strictly forbidden to disclose, copy, distribute, or take any other action against me based on this profile and/or its contents," the message read. "Instagram DOES NOT HAVE MY PERMISSION TO SHARE PHOTOS OR MESSAGES," it ended. [Related: What to Do If the Older People in Your Life Are Sharing False or Extreme Content] The message was posted to his personal account, @governorperry, as well as his Twitter account. He also has a separate account, @secretaryperry, to showcase his official government work with the Energy Department. A spokesperson for Facebook, Instagram's parent company, told BuzzFeed News, "There’s no truth to this post." Variations of this hoax have gone viral over the years in connection with different social platforms. As far back as 2012, an almost identical message — complete with the same reference to a nonexistent "Channel 13 News" report — went viral about Facebook, prompting the company to publicly debunk the "copyright meme": There is a rumor circulating that Facebook is making a change related to ownership of users' information or the content they post to the site. This is false. Anyone who uses Facebook owns and controls the content and information they post, as stated in our terms. They control how that content and information is s