Voice assistants seem simple. You say something like “Alexa” or “Hey Siri” followed by a request and then — bam! — your Discover Weekly starts playing over the speaker. But a human being could be listening to everything you say — and the tech companies want to hide those people from you. As we found out yesterday, Facebook paid outside contractors to transcribe voice memos from users who turned on chat transcription in the Messenger app. The company is the latest in a string, including Amazon, Google, Apple, and Microsoft, caught sending users’ audio to third-party firms for analysis. To experts, the news might not have come as a revelation. Among people who understand the mechanics of artificial intelligence–powered software, it’s well known that humans review verbal commands to improve speech recognition. But among the general public, there was a sense of shock: The big platforms are tapping into our microphones, and they aren’t telling us. Those reports seem to have produced changes. Today, Microsoft updated its privacy policy to explicitly say humans review user content, as a result of the practice made public by Motherboard. Facebook, meanwhile, told Bloomberg it paused human review “more than a week ago.” The Irish Data Protection Commission also launched an inquiry into the social media giant’s practices. But if it seems like the tech companies aren’t being clear with consumers, according to privacy and artificial intelligence experts, that’s because they aren’t. Most folks buying Google Homes and Echos from a mall kiosk aren’t aware. That’s in part because of the products’ “just like that!” marketing, but largely because Amazon, Google, Apple, Microsoft, and Facebook haven’t clearly told consumers what they do with their voice and video information. None of those companies’ data policies state that what we say and do in front of our voice assistants, internet-connected cameras, and messaging apps can be shown to strangers employed by the companies or their c