After a US military airstrike killed Qassem Soleimani, a top Iranian general, early Friday, people began spreading false and unverified information on social media. The misinformation spread across private messaging apps, as well as public platforms like Twitter. BuzzFeed News has compiled a running list of falsehoods and unverified information following the killing. An image of a deleted Eric Trump tweet from Dec. 31 — in which he said "Bout to open up a big ol' can of whoop ass" — caused many to speculate that the president's son was aware of the plan to strike against Soleimani. However, the tweet was taken out of context and did not refer to the operation. An archive of the tweet shows Trump was quote-tweeting a video of the US Marines arriving in Baghdad to protect the US Embassy, which was recently attacked. Adding to the confusion was a version of the tweet saved by PolitiTweet, which removed the URL that Eric Trump was quoting. PolitiTweet has since updated the way it archives tweets to include quote-tweet links. The photo first started circulating on Telegram and WhatsApp immediately after Soleimani's death. It then moved to Facebook and Twitter, where it kept picking up steam. The photograph has not been confirmed by authorities and remains unverified. However, an analysis of other images at the scene suggests that the severed hand in the photo may have belonged to Soleimani. Either way, we will monitor for updates and confirmation. (Warning: There are graphic images in the linked Twitter thread below.) After news of the killing broke, an account tweeted an unverified report claiming that US Marines were arresting members of the Iraqi Parliament. There were no official reports of this, and the account later said the information was false. In an early and small example of coordinated activity, at least four Instagram accounts simultaneously spread memes of coffins draped in US flags with the text "Prepare your coffins." The images were tagged with the White