LONDON — A voter engagement app used by the populist party that is the senior partner in Italy's coalition government is being investigated by Facebook as part of a broader probe into potential historical data misuse. The Five Star Movement (M5S), an antiestablishment party that won the most seats in Italy's 2018 general election, launched the app in 2013, the year of the party’s breakthrough onto the national stage. The Attivista 5 Stelle — 5 Star Activist — app invited M5S supporters to complete tasks on Facebook such as sharing posts, promoting campaign events, and adding the party’s logo to profile pictures, in exchange for points. The highest scoring activists would win a dinner with M5S cofounder, former comedian Beppe Grillo. A Facebook spokesperson said an investigation into the app was ongoing. There is nothing at this stage to suggest data was misused by the app’s developers. “The Attivista 5 Stelle app is not currently active on our platform and has not been for over a year,” the spokesperson said in an emailed statement to BuzzFeed News. “We are currently investigating the app within the App Developer Investigation.” Facebook’s App Developer Investigation began in March last year as a response to the Cambridge Analytica scandal, the UK political consulting and voter profiling firm that harvested the private information of up to 87 million Facebook users without their permission in one of the social network’s biggest data breaches. The breach was first disclosed by the Observer and the New York Times. In the immediate aftermath, Facebook's market value fell by more than $36 billion, and the company's founder and CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, was hauled before Congress to testify. Although the Attivista 5 Stelle app was removed from Facebook by M5S web developers last year, a Facebook login button is still visible on a cached version of the app’s sign up page, the existence of which was first reported by the Italian website Linkiesta earlier this month. By examini