Other than the haze, ringing smoke alarms and face masks, it's business as usual in Sydney. Food delivery workers continue to zip through traffic in the CBD on bicycles and scooters, dodging pedestrians to pick up and drop off food. Popular food delivery companies have continued to accept orders despite air quality levels far exceeding "hazardous" levels, raising questions about the health of the workers spending long periods exposed to the smoke. Eleni, who declined to provide her last name, rides a push bike to deliver for Uber Eats. She said she's aware of the dangers of riding in the smoke, but is still choosing to work. She bought a face mask to wear while riding — albeit one that doesn't meet the standard recommended to protect users from smoke. "I can't afford to not deliver," she said. An investigation conducted by the Fair Work Ombudsman earlier this year found that Uber delivery drivers are considered independent contractors and not employees in Australia. This means they are not entitled to certain workplace standards and benefits such as the minimum wage, superannuation, and annual leave and sick leave. Because independent contractors are not entitled to paid leave, any work missed is lost income. Some workers in other professions who work outside, such as electricians and dock workers, have stopped work due to Sydney's air conditions. And experts have recommended that residents avoid spending long periods outside or exercising in the smoke. BuzzFeed News contacted Uber, Deliveroo and Menulog to see whether they had any plans to suspend delivery services due to the smoke. All said they didn't. Uber and Deliveroo said they were providing information to their riders. Michael Kaine is the president of the Transport Workers' Union, which represents food delivery drivers. He said the food delivery companies' resistance to stopping work or providing safety equipment for their riders isn't surprising. "These are the same companies which don’t provide them with 