Amanda van Keimpema was exhausted. The resident of Canungra, a small rural town in Queensland, Australia, had been working 16-hour days for a week straight while bushfires raged nearby in late September this year. She put her business on hold and dedicated her time to working with emergency services, the local paper, and community members to spread safety information. After danger to the area subsided, van Keimpema realised she was burnt out and began to recruit people to help her. Based on her actions, you might assume van Keimpema is a volunteer coordinator, or perhaps a member of the local council. But she is in fact an admin of "Canungra (& surrounds) Community," a private Facebook group with more than 3,600 members from the vicinity. While not unique to Facebook — companies like Nextdoor have built businesses out of geographically based social networks — the social media giant’s nearly 2.5 billion global monthly active users means such groups are most likely found there. Local Facebook groups increasingly serve as a local area’s town square, classifieds section, Neighbourhood Watch, and emergency information centre all rolled into one. But, for the most part, they are run by volunteers who in 2019 are devoting huge chunks of time figuring out how to enforce rules, referee disputes, and avoid getting sued in the process. Several admins who spoke to BuzzFeed News said they spend anywhere from a couple of hours a week to more than two hours a day running the communities. The time tends to spike when a natural emergency occurs in the area, and these events are increasingly regular in Australia. “We’ve got water issues at the moment, which has caused a spike in engagement,” van Keimpema told BuzzFeed News. “There’s only 400 people in Canungra, but each time an environmental issue happens, we get lots of people trying to join the group.” Tarang Bates is the founder of "Nimbin Hook Ups," a public Facebook group for the tiny NSW East Coast town known for its hippies an