Donald Trump takes up a lot of space on the map. The Trump Organization owns or licenses its name to dozens of properties around the world, including several Trump Towers, Trump Plazas, Trump International Hotels, and Trump International Golf Clubs. All of these places are listed on Google Maps, where, as a way to assist with place descriptions, anyone with a Google account can submit a photo, video, or 360-degree panoramic view of what these places are like. Most of the people who earnestly submit media for these places appear to be eager participants in the MAGA fandom that Trump cultivates. They often take selfies, or pose next to things that say “Trump” on them, and eagerly capture framed pictures of Trump and merchandise in his gift shop. On the other hand, there are also some people just doing really weird stuff. We reviewed the user-contributed content on Google Maps for every Trump property that we could identify, plus other Trump-related locations such as the White House and his childhood home. Here are the strangest things we found. A screenshot of a GIF posted in the Google Maps photo gallery of the White House South Lawn. This is a fun little GIF of a man in a little bathing suit twirling his umbrella at the Trump National Doral Miami on a rainy day. He appears to be at the resort. This is in the photo gallery for the White House South Lawn. If you have any information about how or why this photo was taken, please email the author of this piece. The Google Maps listing for the Trump National Golf Club in Charlotte, North Carolina, inexplicably has three short videos of a person punching and kicking a punching bag. It’s unclear whether this video was recorded at the club gym. How cute. This person has uploaded dozens of stock photos to the White House South Lawn, and this is one of them. From what I've gathered, this is a 30-second clip of the song “Mujhe Tera Diwana Bana Diya” by Indian artist Acharya Shri Gaurav Krishna Goswami Ji. It is in the video ga