Halls Head Cricket Club, an amateur sporting organisation based in the city of Mandurah on Australia's west coast, had been pretty inactive on Twitter since making an account in 2012. That is, until a week ago, when the account fired off a number of tweets in quick succession, sharing content seemingly related to the terrorist group ISIS. The account @hallsheadcc bore the cricket club's logo, and the bio boasted of the club's 14 A-Grade premierships, as well as six in B-Grade and two in C-Grade. But it was quickly suspended after the dozens of tweets posted on Nov. 14. The tweets — which are no longer available on Twitter's website, but are viewable through the Internet Archive's Wayback Machine — contain what appears to be ISIS-related videos posted alongside hashtags in Arabic, most of them completely unrelated to the terrorist group. Halls Head Cricket Club president Ash Wyborn was unaware the account had been suspended when contacted by BuzzFeed News. "I'm pretty shocked to be honest," Wyborn said. "I don't know what to think. My first thought would be, why would anyone hack a cricket club's Twitter that has no followers?" Wyborn said he has rarely used the Twitter account since creating it a number of years ago, and was unable to access it when requested by BuzzFeed News. "We're mostly active on Facebook and Instagram," said Wyborn. The club's Facebook and Instagram profiles are still active and do not contain ISIS content. The tweets, along with a number of similar tweets from other Twitter accounts, were found by Eric Feinberg, who is the founder of the Global Intellectual Property Enforcement Centre. Feinberg said he had noticed a number of seemingly hijacked accounts suddenly posting ISIS content in the past 10 days. "We found these hacked [accounts] by tracking hashtags in Arabic used by ISIS. These include Islamic Country, al-Baghdadi, Syria, Iraq," Feinberg told BuzzFeed News. According to an independent translation of a sample of the tweets, the hashtag