T-Mobile is in the midst of plans to merge with Sprint, and a plan for a new CEO isn't a total shock. Last month, the Wall Street Journal reported that Legere was in talks to become the new CEO of WeWork, a rumor he shut down today in a conference call with reporters and analysts. It's unclear what his next job will be, but for now one thing seems clear: His reign of promoted tweet terror will be coming to a close. Legere isn't just a CEO, he's a cool CEO. You can tell because he wears sneakers and T-shirts (aways in T-Mobile's magenta hue, of course) instead of stuffy suits. He also wears his hair long. The combination of his hairline and length can best be described as: • touring keyboardist with Whitesnake (not an original member) • former ’80s teen star with a tenuous grasp on his new recovery • untenured comp lit professor • proprietor of year-round haunted hayride • bartender at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville restaurant (Las Vegas location) • mom's new "friend" If you don't follow the ins and outs of the telecom industry, Legere is probably not a familiar name. However, if you are a regular citizen of the internet, specifically Twitter, you may be aware of Legere for this reason: his incessant advertisements. Unlike 99.9% of large companies, T-Mobile doesn't just run Twitter ads from its main account. It also pays for promoted tweets from its CEO's personal account. And judging by how many times I've seen these ads, it does this a lot. Now that Legere is moving on, he'll be taking with him any new followers he's acquired from T-Mobile footing the Twitter ad bill. T-Mobile declined to confirm whether Legere had ever paid to promote his own tweets, or if (more likely) they were paid for by the company. T-Mobile also would not say if it planned to continue this horrifying vanity exercise with its new CEO's tweets. Advertising is an art, not a science — but it seems to defy all logic that promoting Legere's tweets was a highly successful campaign. While it may hav