A day on the internet can feel like a year, and as Very Online people we barely remember 2018. But luckily the folks at independent democracy and free expression watchdog Freedom House don't have this problem. They mapped internet freedom in Australia over the year from June 2018 to May 2019 — and found that it declined. New restrictions on the online content Australians can access, legal changes affecting online expression, and a significant cyber attack mean we've dropped two points on their scoring system, down from 79 to 77 out of 100, despite having generally good access to the internet because of prices and infrastructure. These are the five key developments for Australia's internet freedom from the past year, according to the watchdog's new report. In the wake of the Christchurch mosque shooting in March, a group of Australian internet service providers (ISPs) voluntarily blocked access to 43 websites hosting the video of the attack or the shooter's manifesto, including 4chan, 8chan and LiveLeak.  In September, the eSafety commissioner, Australia's internet watchdog, used her power for the first time to direct ISPs to block websites. She ordered ISPs to stop Australians from accessing eight unknown websites that continued to host Christchurch content, allowing them to lift their previous voluntary restrictions. Tech executives could go to jail and their companies fined billions of dollars under new laws passed by the Australian Parliament in April 2019. The eSafety commissioner now has the power to give notice to sites and ISPs that they're hosting "abhorrent violent material", videos depicting rape, murder, terrorism, kidnap or torture. If they don't act quickly enough, people can go to jail for up to three years, or a company could be fined up to 10% of its annual global turnover. Australia's cyber intelligence agency declared a cyber attack on Australia's parliamentary computing network (including networks of its three biggest political parties) was the co