Snapchat’s Spectacles are like GoPros for your face. The sunglasses’ two embedded cameras immediately capture photos and videos when one of the discreet buttons on the temple is pressed. Released today, Spectacles 3 is Snapchat’s latest model, and can now produce three-dimensional photos and videos with animated augmented reality effects. For the past week, I’ve been testing the company’s new, quite pricey $380 face camera, which is currently available in limited quantities on Snapchat’s website. The new Specs seem to be the ultimate ~influencer~ wearable, designed specifically to create eye-popping imagery that will stand out in a social media feed. For normals, the first-person footage captured by the Spectacles is wonderfully — and surprisingly — personal. But the new animated AR video filters don’t add much and, in fact, distract from intimate scenes. The new Spectacles are unquestionably hip. They have steel, rounded frames like the kind that Natalie Portman wears in Léon: The Professional — and that typically only people with angular, Portmanesque faces can pull off. The sunglasses snap elegantly into their case, which is also their charger. The Spectacles can capture up to 70 separate 10-second videos on a single charge. The case holds four full charges — enough for a "long weekend," a Snap rep said. Unless a passerby looks closely at the glasses, or the LED light is blinking, they wouldn’t notice that there are two cameras onboard, which is largely the point. Previous versions of Spectacles had a camera built-in on the right side and an LED light on the left to indicate recording. The Spectacles 3 have two embedded cameras on each side, with an LED ring around the lens that lights up when you capture photos and videos. Snapchat’s software combines the footage from the two cameras to sense the scene’s depth and project 3D effects, which can be applied to videos using the Snapchat app. While you need the Snapchat app to import media from the Spectacles, sharin