Last week, Instagram CEO Adam Mosseri announced the company is going to start trialling a big change: Some American users will no longer be able to see the number of likes on posts in their feed. Users in the trial will still be able to see the number of likes on their own images, but for everybody else on the TL, the likes count underneath a photo will be replaced with "Liked by @username and others", instead of a number. Mosseri said the change is supposed to reduce pressure on young users. So how will this affect the platform’s most vocal users: influencers? As usual, Australia is ahead of the world, and this time not just in the literal sense (hello from the future!). Instagram has been trialling this change Down Under since mid-2019. We spoke to Australian influencers about what it's been like. Georgia McDermott runs @georgeats, a food account with 156,000 followers that focuses on the FODMAP diet. She was sceptical about whether hiding the like count would make a difference — but once it rolled out, she was pleasantly surprised. "It has relieved a lot of pressure and angst around posts 'doing well'," McDermott told BuzzFeed News. "I also find I’m posting less often and generally spending a bit less time on the app, which has been great for my mental health." Sarah Jane Wardle, who runs @faceofsjw, believes it's a positive change for the platform's users, particularly if it removes anxiety around posting. "In my personal experience, it has resulted in more confidence in what I post without being concerned about 'how many likes' a post gets, as I personally do not check the likes often anymore," Wardle said in an email to BuzzFeed News. Popular meme curation account @browncardigan’s Toby noticed that hiding likes reduced a feeling of competition. He said it takes the pressure off when posting to his 730,000 followers. "I think if it’s taking away the front of mind feeling of metrics from overly obsessive teenagers worrying about likes, it’s a good thing," Toby (