Of all the noxious, insulting stereotypes millennials have to endure about their generation — that they're self-centered, lazy, and entitled, not to mention the fucking avocado toast — none merits rioting in the streets like the fetid narrative that millennials are useless parasites leeching off their far more industrious, far more successful, endlessly responsible parents. Especially because it’s not true. And I’m not being defensive. Data proves it. In fact, just as many American millennials have been quietly supporting their parents as boomers who have been supporting their adult children.   BuzzFeed News performed our own analysis of US Census Bureau data, the official source of demographic information in the country. The bureau conducts a study called the Survey of Income and Program Participation that asks people a few questions relevant to this issue: how old they are, if they are financially supporting any adult children age 21 or older living outside their household, and if they are financially supporting any parents living outside their household.  Hidden in this census data, BuzzFeed News found that 1.4 million American millennials (born 1981–1996) supported their parents in 2016, the most recent year for which data was available. That number was statistically indistinguishable from the number of boomers (born 1946–1964) supporting their adult children in the same year. “OK boomer” is not just a pithy retort; it’s totally valid. I’m giddy; maybe you are too. The same number of millennials financially support their parents as the number of boomers who support their grown children. All the headlines, and the jokes, all the (mis)representations about America’s deliciously hateable young adults, they’re fucking fake, folks! A tale spread by a group of grumpy (and probably well-off) boomers that took on a life of its own, sapping a generation — their own children’s generation — of its dignity.    Millennials are surely not the first generation to support their