The Google Maps listing for Effingham County High School in Springfield, Georgia, has some relevant information, like the main office phone number and the link to the school website. But the photo gallery section is a little off-topic. Instead of showing photos of the school, which Google Maps would normally display, there are nonsensical photos, like the Nintendo character Kirby drawn with legs and feet, a Joker meme, a Sad Kermit meme, a Minecraft screenshot, and erotic fan art showing characters from the education website BrainPop. People searching for Effingham County High School will find zero photos of the high school’s exterior. However, they’ll be able to glimpse the school’s interior life. Effingham County High School isn’t alone. Teens have bombarded hundreds of listings for their middle and high schools in all 50 states with memes, cursed images, random photos, and edgy content that generally isn’t supposed to be included in a photo gallery for a location on Google Maps. “I honestly don’t remember what I was thinking and why I decided to do it,” Cooper Vandenhaak, a sophomore at West Linn High School who uploaded this picture of potatoes to his high school’s Google Maps listing, told BuzzFeed News. “I was probably just bored in class with a friend.” Anyone with a Google account can upload a photo to Google Maps just by opening Google Maps, choosing a location, and selecting the "Add a Photo” option. Google hopes that users will upload information to help people navigate their worlds “faster and easier.” But artists and teens alike have discovered that Google Maps is an opportunity to share funny content in an unexpected context. Students uploading photos like the “Uh Oh Stinky” monkey, SpongeBob memes, “Comrade Doggo,” or a picture of bread on a skateboard often use Google accounts associated with fake names like “Jake McQueef,” “Juul Is cuul,” “「potato man」,” and “7ate9.” But some young people aren’t afraid to use Google accounts linked to their real nam