Household debt has been rising for five straight years, and credit cards are a big reason why. Many factors contribute to this increase — unexpected expenses, student loan payments, stagnant wages — but according to data from the automated credit card debt managing app Tally, shared exclusively with BuzzFeed News, credit cards enable plenty of consumption. “The harsh reality is that credit cards make it easier to justify overspending," Jason Huynh, head of credit and analytics at Tally, told BuzzFeed News. "It’s very easy to justify in the moment that the convenience of buying dinner at a restaurant outweighs making dinner at home. But what seems necessary in the moment can quickly become overwhelming credit card debt.” Tally sampled 6,500 of its users — most of them ages 18 to 34 — and examined transactions made between January 2017 and October 2019. One group carried above-average revolving balances, ranging from about $11,000 to $20,000. The second group carried lower balances of up to $3,000. Tally then ranked the top categories and retailers based on the amount of money spent annually. They found that no matter whether users carried high or low amounts of debt, they tended to spend on the same categories of expenses. The top spending category for both groups: eating at restaurants, followed by travel, transportation, and shopping at big box and grocery stores. Both groups also spent a lot shopping, for example on Amazon and Apple. While millennials have been more debt averse than other generations, Tally's data reflects a reliance on credit cards. According to a July report by Experian, millennials' credit card debt grew sharply in the past year. In a CreditCards.com poll, 23% of millennials said they carried a balance on their credit cards for at least a year. Many people also self reported that “day-to-day expenses such as groceries, child care or utilities” was the biggest reason they carried a balance from month to month on their credit cards. Yet based on 