Australians can again access the website formerly known as 8chan, despite the government’s attempts to block the forum for its role in spreading the Christchurch shooter’s livestream footage and manifesto. The site is back online as 8kun, a near-identical clone of the anonymous imageboard, which went offline in August when service provider Cloudflare decided the site had "caused multiple tragic deaths". The Australian eSafety Commissioner Julie Inman Grant told BuzzFeed News she is aware of the new site but has no plans to restrict access to it because nobody has posted content from the Christchurch shooting — that she's aware of. "If the Christchurch attack video and/or manifesto are shown to be hosted on 8kun or any other site, Australians can report it to the eSafety Commissioner and we will consider exercising our range of powers, as appropriate," she said. The eSafety Commissioner has wide-ranging powers to carry out its aim of protecting Australians from harmful online content, including everything from image-based abuse to violent terrorist material. In September, Inman Grant directed Australia's internet service providers and telecommunications companies to block eight websites said to be hosting content related to the Christchurch shooting, including 8chan. This ban doesn’t apply to 8kun. The reincarnated version of 8chan comes with a new domain name (reportedly based on a Japanese honorific wordplay) and host, which means it circumvents the site-blocking list maintained by Inman Grant. Inman Grant said that if 8kun did host the Christchurch video, she would just update the list to block it. ISP and telecommunication industry peak body Communications Alliance CEO John Stanton said the change in domain name illustrates the challenges of blocking online content. "The so-called ‘whack-a-mole’ syndrome, whereby sites reinvent themselves under new names and domains, is an inherent limitation to any form of site-blocking regime," Stanton told BuzzFeed News. La Tr