After a brutal year-long campaign, the results of Australia’s historic referendum on whether to become a republic were finally in. The “Yes” campaign won with 56% of the vote, just as polls had predicted. Elated republicans celebrated, while the monarchists grumbled to one another about a negative, dirty campaign. That night, the Wall Street Journal reported that negotiations had already begun between Australia and the Crown about the country’s long-awaited departure from the Commonwealth. A former prime minister and architect of the referendum was privately ecstatic at the result, but kept a distance from the celebrations. After all, the head moderator of the AustraliaSim subreddit is supposed to remain impartial. The referendum, the media coverage, the former prime minister: all of it is part of AustraliaSim, a Reddit community and online roleplayer game in which participants emulate the argy-bargy of #auspol — with a startling degree of detail. It’s like the mock parliaments or model United Nations conducted in high schools and universities, except AustraliaSim plays out through a network of subreddits and Discord chatrooms. One aspect of the student iterations, though, has remained: participants take it extremely seriously. In AustraliaSim politicians write, debate and vote on pieces of legislation. They create political parties and make deals to bind together in coalitions to try and form government. The party leaders hold online press conferences where they field questions from people acting as journalists who write real articles for fake versions of well-known publications. When there’s a dispute over an interpretation of the AustraliaSim constitution, naturally it goes to the High Court for a ruling. Why do they do this? For Reddit user, and former prime minister, Youma (the people interviewed for this piece asked to be quoted by their AustraliaSim username) it’s fun. Youma had been keen to find a community full of people who were also into politics. “Austra