The man Donald Trump Jr. and other prominent Republicans accused this week of being the whistleblower who sparked the impeachment inquiry has been a right-wing target since 2017 — when he was accused by a pro-Trump media personality of being “pro-Ukraine and anti-Russia” and leaking damaging information about the administration. Trump Jr.’s tweet naming the CIA officer and former National Security Council staffer came days after a Trump rally in Kentucky on Monday, where Republican Sen. Rand Paul called on Republicans in Capitol Hill to subpoena former vice president Joe Biden and his son Hunter, as well as the whistleblower. Paul — who did not say the name — demanded the media print the purported whistleblower’s name. Florida Republican Rep. Matt Gaetz has also recently tweeted the name. Asked by BuzzFeed News on Tuesday how he knew the whistleblower’s name, Paul pointed to an Oct. 30 report on Real Clear Investigations, written by the conservative writer Paul Sperry. “The person that [Real Clear Investigations] named, that person was in the White House under Obama, did work for Joe Biden, and was there at the time Hunter Biden was being paid $50,000 per month by a Ukrainian oligarch. There are material questions regardless of his involvement as a whistleblower," said Paul. The whistleblower’s lawyers said in a statement that “identifying any suspected name for the whistleblower will place that individual and their family at risk of serious harm. We will not confirm or deny any name that is published or promoted by supporters of the president.” “We will note, however, that publication or promotion of a name shows the desperation to deflect from the substance of the whistleblower complaint. It will not relieve the President of the need to address the substantive allegations, all of which have been substantially proven to be true,” added the whistleblower’s lawyers. In the story, Real Clear Investigations named a 33-year-old former National Security Council staffer a