Ring, the home surveillance company owned by Amazon, reminded people on Tuesday of the breadth of its surveillance powers when it published a series of Instagram stories announcing its users had recorded millions of trick-or-treaters this past Halloween. In a company blog and series of Instagram stories, posted Monday and Tuesday, the company showed that it collects, stores, and analyzes sensitive data about how, when, and where people use its doorbell cameras. Ring said that nationwide, its doorbell cameras were activated 15.8 million times on Halloween. The company makes several other types of surveillance cameras in addition to its doorbell camera. As it has on other occasions, like Super Bowl Sunday, Ring turned Halloween into a marketing opportunity. As reported by Mashable, Ring circulated videos of children on Halloween on Twitter. Ring also promoted Halloween-themed skins to decorate doorbell cameras on its company blogs and Instagram. However, in promoting itself as a family-friendly company, Ring showed that it collects user data on a granular level. The Instagram stories posted by Ring on Tuesday show that the company aggregates data about the total daily number of doorbell button "dings" in the US. Ring also collects hourly tallies of dings in at least four major cities — Miami, Chicago, Houston, and Los Angeles. Additionally, Ring can use this data to determine the “peak times” of doorbell camera activity on the East and West coasts. "We use this information to provide and improve the service," a Ring spokesperson said in an email. "For example, we use a record of doorbell rings to provide notifications to customers when someone is at their door, and to best optimize our network to ensure a good customer experience at busy times. We anonymized and aggregated our usage data to provide the statistics in our Instagram Story." It’s been previously reported that Ring keeps track of the number of camera owners and users of its neighborhood watch app, Neighbor