It is with a heavy heart that I must report that Facebook has, yet again, made a perfect hardware device that brings immense joy. I say this with sadness not because, as Facebook seems to believe, that as a member of the tech press I strive to only report bad news about Facebook. No, in fact I do nothing productive for society other than charge my phone, eat hot chip, and lie. What I’m mad about is that Portal TV is a great and wonderful device for chatting to friends and family, but no one I know will ever, ever buy one. And without someone else to use it with, it’s useless. Released today, Portal TV is a $149 device the size of a cable remote that hooks up to your TV and allows you to videochat through your TV. The features are roughly the same as the original Portal, but the big difference from the previous models is that instead of a giant device that sits on your countertop and just does Facebook videochatting, this is a smaller, cheaper device that sits on your TV, and hey, you already have a TV. I know what you’re thinking: Why? But hear me out: Why not? Videochatting is fun, but videochatting on a screen bigger than your tiny phone or laptop is even better. Portal TV’s smart camera is extremely good and has a wide angle that can capture the entire living room so that two people can be on the chat without having to smash their heads together into frame. Even better than the countertop Portal, it allows you to sit on your couch in the living room and look at the TV screen to chat — such a far superior experience that it’s ridiculous to think that we’ve ever accepted the hideous unflattering angles of FaceTime. We should be doing video calls on our huge flatscreen TVs all the time, and anything else is simply undignified. The problem, of course, is that you won’t get any of your friends to buy one and chat with you. When Portal, a desktop videochatting device came out last year, the first question anyone asked was “why on Earth would anyone let a Facebook video