Last week, Facebook announced it had removed networks of pages, accounts, and groups linked to Russia that were targeting countries in Central Africa. The company said the operation had engaged in “coordinated inauthentic activity,” and attributed it to Yevgeny Prigozhin, the Vladimir Putin ally indicted by the United States for his alleged role in funding the troll farm behind interference in the 2016 election. But while the company publicly labeled 35 Facebook accounts, 53 pages, seven groups, and five Instagram accounts as part of an information operation funded by a prominent Russian, it apparently told a different story to at least one person whose page it removed. BuzzFeed News spoke to one person in Sudan who helps run the Khartoum Star, a website that also operated the second-largest Sudanese page removed by Facebook. The man, who asked his name not be used due to privacy and safety concerns, said the company initially told him the issue with the Star’s page was related to privacy, and that it “could be fixed” within a week of its removal. Facebook did not cite inauthentic activity, he said — although he did not provide evidence of communication with the company. “We were surprised yesterday with the closure of the page. We tried to find out what happened from Facebook,” he said in Arabic in a WhatsApp message sent Thursday. “Their answer was: a privacy violation. We were not convinced by this answer.” His experience suggests the public information released by Facebook about its takedowns is different from what it tells those being targeted and named. A Facebook spokesperson told BuzzFeed News it could not share information beyond its announcement last week. Joan Donovan, the director of the Technology and Social Change Research Project at Harvard’s Shorenstein Center, said Facebook’s lack of disclosure could be dangerous to administrators running pages that are taken down. When the Internet Research Agency targeted the 2016 election, it tried to encourage U