This is part of a BuzzFeed News package on schools and social media surveillance. Read more here. On July 29, a 13-year-old who used to tweet as @valkyries_queen was watching New Girl on Netflix when the plot really got to her. “nick if you dont fall in love with jess again im gonna kill you,” she posted from her pseudonymous account, named after the character Valkyrie, portrayed by her crush, Tessa Thompson, in the Marvel movies. @valkyries_queen had about 220 followers. Her tweet, sent from where she lives in Washington state, didn’t get any replies, any retweets, any attention, really — except from a school district more than 2,000 miles away, in Texas. The tweet triggered the algorithms powering an automated monitoring system called Social Sentinel, which scans social media for language or images suggesting a potential threat to school safety. The system determines which schools the users may be associated with and notes locations they list in their profiles. Social Sentinel sent @valkyries_queen’s tweet to at least five officials in the Katy Independent School District, just outside the Houston metropolitan area. @valkyries_queen had moved away from Katy, Texas, where she used to go to school, some three months previously but still followed her school’s Twitter account. Five of her tweets were flagged to school officials as potential safety threats that July. In one post, she joked about wanting to kill herself; in another, about killing her father because he made a racist joke. In a third, she corrected someone about Valkyrie’s sexual orientation: “If I see one more comment calling Valkyrie a lesbian I'm going to KILL ALL OF YOU. MY GIRL IS BISEXUAL AND IF YOU DONT SHUT UP RN.” @valkyries_queen told BuzzFeed News she wrote all these tweets in jest. She treats her account, as many teens do, as a kind of online journal. “It’s just the fandom,” she said about the New Girl tweet. “They broke up and I was being upset ... like any teen would about a show.” And she’s