Hate speech that targeted Bengali Muslims in the Indian state of Assam has spread on Facebook, even as the country’s government launched a controversial program to crack down on people immigrating illegally, a new report claims. The report, titled “Megaphone for Hate,” was released Monday evening by Avaaz, a nonprofit activism network that works on issues like human rights around the world. Comments and posts that called Bengali Muslims “pigs,” “terrorists,” “dogs,” “rapists,” and “criminals,” — seemingly in violation of Facebook’s standards on hate speech — were shared nearly 100,000 times and viewed at least 5.4 million times, showed the Avaaz review, which covered 800 Facebook posts related to Assam. As of September, Facebook had removed just 96 of the 213 posts and comments that the organization reported, including calls to poison Hindu girls to prevent Muslims from raping them. On Aug. 31, the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi left nearly 2 million people in Assam — mostly Muslims — off a list of citizens, with the goal of reducing illegal immigration from the neighboring Muslim-majority country of Bangladesh. The move effective left them stateless. Critics have accused India’s government of using the program to crack down on Muslims, calling it an “ethnic purge.” In 2018, Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party promised to take the program beyond Assam. Earlier this year, Amit Shah, the party’s president, called undocumented immigrants “termites.” The program has raised global concerns, including from the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, which said in a statement in July that the rise of hate speech directed against people facing statelessness in Assam could have “destabilising effects.” According to the Avaaz report, one place that hate speech occurs is Facebook — and the site doesn’t do enough to stop it. “Facebook is being used as a megaphone for hate, pointed directly at vulnerable minorities in Assam, many of whom could be made stateles