Twitter suspended dozens of accounts critical of the Egyptian president without cause during rare anti-government demonstrations last month, according to new research. Wael Eskandar, an Egyptian researcher specializing in digital rights, found that Twitter had suspended accounts that tweeted words in Arabic like “whore” and “ass-kisser.” He contacted nearly 60 accounts tweeting in Arabic — primarily those belonging to Egyptians but including Egyptian Americans and others in the diaspora — who said their accounts were temporarily suspended around the time of the protests last month. Based on screenshots they shared with him, Eskandar determined about 30 had been suspended without cause. Twitter said the accounts had been suspended in error but did not elaborate. Rare demonstrations against Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi broke out in late September throughout the country. Egyptians used Twitter, Facebook, and other social media platforms to comment on the protests, though because these platforms are heavily monitored in Egypt, there were no signs of protesters actually using public social media platforms to organize the demonstrations. “Egypt is a completely repressive landscape. You cannot do anything in the street. Any journalist who writes objectively has no job — there are only outlets favorable to the government,” said Eskandar by phone. “The only place you can express your opinion is social media, where people are disagreeing or complaining.” “When social media platforms side with governments that want to shut people down, they’re contributing to oppression,” he said. Eskandar’s sample set, though small, represents the first accounting of a phenomenon many Egyptian Twitter users have pointed to — that Twitter suspended dozens of accounts for unclear reasons around the time of the demonstrations. The protests prompted a heavy crackdown by Egyptian authorities in which thousands of people were detained or arrested, according to human rights groups. Many o