Walking around your garage filled with insanely expensive cars. Getting cuddled by your perfect boyfriend. Panning across to reveal a celebrity you happen to be related to.They’re all common scenes found in TikTok "check" videos, in which teens flex by sharing braggy footage of their lives under hashtags like #privateschoolcheck and #famousrelativecheck. But a new type of check — one where you're more likely to see someone making greasy burgers under the heat lamps of an industrial kitchen — isn’t exactly like the others. Hannah, 16, set out to make a video to show her friends what it’s really like to work for McDonald's in Australia. “I originally made it as a joke to put on my Snapchat private story just for friends,” Hannah told BuzzFeed News. “And then I just decided to post it for the laugh.” She didn’t expect the #maccascheck — in Australia, McDonald's is widely known as Maccas — to become so popular. Since Hannah’s video, hundreds of other TikTokers have posted videos using her "Maccas Job Check" audio. Together, they have been viewed more than a million times.The hashtag offers a behind-the-scenes look at the good, bad and boring bits of working at McDonald's. Some videos show people frying food, stacking shelves, cleaning, dealing with broken drink machines and taking out the bins. In others, people dance, play pranks, distract their colleagues, complain about the smell and answer the classic question: "how much do you get paid working here?" Stacey, 15, made a #maccascheck because she’s “obsessed” with TikTok. She thinks others have jumped on the trend because the fast food giant, which hires employees as young as 14, has a lot of young workers. “Maccas is probably the best known and popular fast food store and lots of teens work there,” she said.Unlike lots of other check videos, the #maccascheck hashtag gives an unfiltered and unglamorous view of what it's like to work in the service industry. Including being abused by customers. Jeven, 18, saw TikToks a