People are sharing dodgy and harmful legal advice in Facebook groups aimed at men going through separations, including encouraging users to illegally surveil their partners. There are several active Facebook groups filled with hundreds of men who are aggrieved at Australia’s Family Court system, and who regularly ask for advice on navigating legal proceedings. In posts found by BuzzFeed News, men are given amateur advice by other members to make video or audio recordings of their partners without their knowledge, to illegally record court proceedings, and to refuse to acknowledge the sovereignty of Australian law. Lawyers specialising in family law say users could risk criminal charges if they follow the advice offered by other members. The groups are usually private and centred on common themes such as opposition to Australia’s family law system, domestic violence against men, and father’s rights. They typically contain news stories about the Family Court and separated fathers, as well as misogynistic memes, posts complaining about ex-partners, and members seeking support and advice. Forte Family Lawyers partner and the Law Council of Australia’s Family Law Section’s immediate past chair Wendy Kayler-Thomson said the amateur legal advice offered in the groups should be avoided. "The internet often contains outdated or misleading information about how the courts deal with family law cases, or what the law is on particular issues," Kayler-Thomson told BuzzFeed News in a statement. Kayler-Thomson reviewed five examples of posts in Facebook groups supplied by BuzzFeed News and found the advice given either ill-advised or promoted illegal activity. Posters regularly suggest men surveil their ex-partners without their knowledge to obtain evidence of their behaviour to use in court, or to contest accusations of family violence, even going so far as to recommend "secret" recording equipment to purchase. Kayler-Thomson said in most circumstances this is illegal and that the