Despite Ottawa's widespread efforts to prevent online disinformation from distorting the election campaign, a website based in Buffalo, New York, has been freely posting viral stories about Canadian politicians that have no apparent basis in fact — and there’s nothing the Canadian government can do to stop it. Since the beginning of the year, the Buffalo Chronicle has published unsigned articles based on unnamed sources that allege backroom dealings at the highest levels of the Canadian government. Several of the stories have been deemed false or unsupported by news organizations, including the Agence France-Presse, which was contracted by Facebook to debunk fake news. The website is run by Matthew Ricchiazzi, 33, an Ivy League graduate who has sought office in several New York state elections but never got his name on the ballot. A BuzzFeed News–Toronto Star investigation has confirmed that Ricchiazzi once offered to publish positive or negative coverage of political candidates for a fee. He also placed ads on his website for individuals and businesses that had never heard of him. Ricchiazzi would not agree to an interview before next week’s election. However, in a reply to emailed questions, he wrote: “We report in good faith and would never knowingly publish a falsehood. We are confident in all of our reporting to date, and believe it reflects a fair articulation of information obtained from confidential sources.” Among the apparently uncorroborated stories published by the Buffalo Chronicle is one alleging former Supreme Court justice Frank Iacobucci “insisted” that former attorney general Jody Wilson-Raybould be kicked out of the cabinet. Another claims the former CEO of SNC-Lavalin and his wife fled Canada to avoid being arrested on bribery charges. The website found real success with its report earlier this month that Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau paid more than $2 million to suppress a report about sexual misconduct. Despite being debunked by the Star, Snope