Rudy Giuliani denied in an interview with BuzzFeed News Friday that he could have been manipulated by Turkish disinformation. “I don't worry about propaganda,” Giuliani, the former mayor of New York City and a lawyer working for President Donald Trump, told BuzzFeed News, despite having championed similar kinds of misinformation in the past, a claim which he denied: “Half of what's written is not true.” He also alluded to an organized effort to discredit him. “It's really being done because there's a concerted effort to destroy my credibility, because I had the audacity to bring up all this corruption of the Democratic Party. Honestly, I don't know why half the rumors start,” he said, before offering a guess. “People don't like you. People are trying to hurt you.” Giuliani has been relatively quiet this week, following two weeks of nonstop calls with journalists and TV appearances. When reached by BuzzFeed News, an assistant named Megan answered the phone, saying she needed to get him “out of a meeting,” before putting him on the phone. This week the Washington Post reported that in 2017, Giuliani pushed for the extradition of Muslim Turkish cleric Fethullah Gülen from Pennsylvania to Turkey. The Republican was reportedly so intense about the matter that senior administration officials specifically asked him not to bring up Turkish issues with Trump. Giuliani denied advocating for Gülen’s extradition, calling the Post’s report a “malicious and totally ridiculous rumor.” “Not only was I not interested, I didn't want him extradited. It would have hurt me if he was extradited,” Giuliani said. The extradition of Gülen has been a goal for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for years. It’s likely that Giuliani’s reported fixation on the cleric may have been inspired at least in part from Turkish-sponsored trolls on anonymous message boards pushing an anti-Erdogan narrative, which was then picked up by conservative media in the United States. Giuliani has denied that h