Last week, Facebook announced that it would allow political candidates to lie in ads posted to its platform, but it’s haphazardly enforcing a number of other advertising policies that have led to the takedowns of paid content from at least five US presidential candidates. According to a BuzzFeed News review, Facebook has removed more than 160 ads posted this month by President Donald Trump and some Democratic candidates, including Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, former vice president Joe Biden, and businessperson Tom Steyer. In some cases, Facebook appeared to apply its policies unequally, removing some ads for breaking rules around profanity, fake buttons, and advertising in certain states while leaving others that seemed to do the exact same thing untouched. In several instances, Facebook quietly removed ads that ostensibly violated its policies after BuzzFeed News inquired about them on Monday. By one count, the social network took down an additional 32 ads from the Biden campaign after the inquiries. As of 5 p.m. PT on Oct. 14, Biden had the most ads of any candidate removed; Facebook took down at least 117 ads, which were mostly focused on the Trump impeachment effort. At least 28 Warren ads were taken down during this time period, including six on Oct. 11 promoting her 100% clean energy plan and another 22 on Oct. 2. Facebook took down one each from Sanders and Steyer and removed 21 Trump ads attacking Biden, one of which displayed a video promoting a lie about the former vice president. “None of these political ads were rejected on the basis of being deemed false by our fact-checkers,” a Facebook spokesperson told BuzzFeed News. “They were removed for violating one or more of Facebook's other advertising policies, such as our policy against using fake buttons in ads.” The Trump ad, for example, was taken down for violating Facebook's rules against profanity in advertisements, the company spokesperson explained. Representative