The fake Amazon review economy that once prospered in private groups on Facebook, Reddit, and Discord now has a new home in the open: Facebook ads. Amazon sellers looking to boost sales have turned to buying advertisements on Facebook, touting “FREE!” samples of different products — keto snacks, phone chargers, Halloween toys — on users’ News Feeds. But the products aren’t exactly free. The sellers offer full refunds for the products, but only after buyers have left 5-star reviews on the Amazon listings. More positive reviews attract more sales, by making products appear more legitimate to customers, and also help sellers gain special eye-catching distinctions, like “Amazon’s Choice,” in Amazon’s hypercompetitive marketplace. The Facebook ads help Amazon sellers scale and, in some cases, automate their fake review operation. Here’s how it works: The ads direct interested parties to message the companies privately. A “Send Message” button at the bottom of the ad opens a Facebook Messenger window. There, the seller initiates the deal. Over the past few months, Shawn Smith, an Amazon customer in New Jersey, has been bombarded with Facebook ads for free products. Smith recently clicked on one for a free set of clip-on tool bags designed for mechanics. A Messenger window popped up with an automated message: “Do you want to know more about our Canvas Tool Zipper Bags? Please enter ‘Yes’.” A few hours later, the page, Anleolife, asked Smith if he would write a review with photos or video in exchange for the free item. But first, the seller needed a screenshot of his Amazon profile, to verify that he was, indeed, a customer who has written reviews before. The page assured Smith that the refund would come after the review was published, but taxes and PayPal fees wouldn’t be covered. Smith accepted the offer and said the bags were what he expected. But, he warned, “I generally take all reviews with a grain of salt if they are overly enthusiastic over something simple like a m