Logan Cook, known as "Carpe Donktum" online, was briefly suspended from Twitter on Monday amid controversy about a meme created by a contributor for his website, Meme World. He was brought back online about an hour later. Cook said the video that triggered the copyright takedown was a Super Bowl commercial posted in early February 2018. "What they told me in the email is that I was suspended for copyright infringement," Cook told his followers on Periscope after getting his account reinstated. "It was an indefinite or permanent suspension, but it was obviously reversed." A Twitter spokesperson confirmed that Cook's account was suspended due to a copyright complaint sent to them by a copyright owner or authorized representative. According to the DMCA notice, Cook's account was part of a complaint made by Universal Music Group. Cook was one of 25 Twitter accounts listed. The complaint was sent on Monday. The video was described by Cook as a "Super Bowl Commercial Parody," that was one of his favorite videos of 2018. Cook has gained notoriety in the last year for his GIFs and videos that have become a staple of the pro-Trump subreddit r/The_Donald and have even been tweeted by the president himself. Cook was invited to the White House in July for a “social media summit,” joining fellow far-right activists and influencers, including QAnon-supporting radio host Bill Mitchell, fringe social media huckster Ali Alexander, Project Veritas founder James O'Keefe, founder of Turning Point USA Charlie Kirk, and former BuzzFeed News reporter and current chief creative officer for Turning Point USA Benny Johnson. Capitalizing on his right-wing popularity, Cook recently launched Meme World, a website and basic social network for sharing right-wing and far-right memes. Cook and the Meme World community became the center of a New York Times story Monday; over the weekend, a video from a Meme World contributor was played during the American Priority Festival and Conference at Trump Na