Before 27-year-old far-right extremist Stephan Balliet tried to shoot his way into a synagogue in Halle, Germany, Wednesday, killing two people with homemade weapons nearby, he uploaded a manifesto to a now-deleted general-purpose discussion thread on an obscure message board called Meguca. Meguca, though an independent website, is loosely affiliated with 4chan’s anime board. It shares the name of a popular meme making fun of the anime Puella Magi Madoka Magica and hosts similarly toxic free-speech free-for-alls. “[M]eguca.org has not received any gag orders and there's no Patriot Act here. Sucks to live in a third world police state like the US,” a note on the homepage reads. In his Wednesday post on Meguca, the Halle gunman interrupts a discussion about video games, politics and anime to announce that he has been building improvised weapons. “For all of you, who live in no fun countries, this may be of interest. Over the past years I build and tested different improvised weapons,” the post reads. “Of course, there are dozens of improvised designs out there, so what’s special with mine? Simple, I prefer live testing.” The post included a link to a channel called “spilljuice" on the popular livestreaming platform Twitch — the channel from which gunman would later stream his attack. In the Meguca thread viewed by BuzzFeed News, users spend about 10 minutes sharing pictures of Balliet’s homemade weapons before they realize that Balliet is carrying out a terror attack on his Twitch channel. “Godspeed anon, I'll stay with you if this is it,” one Meguca user writes. “Quick, how do I save a broadcast in progress?” After the gunman’s 35-minute stream ended, users scrambled to record it. “Saving now, its about a gig and 30 minutes and my connection is slow, but steady. Will make immediate backups,” one user writes. “I hope he's okay, and succeeded.” Twitch, in a Twitter thread Wednesday, said the gunman only had a live audience of five and approximately 2,200 people watched