Blippi, a wildly popular YouTube star for the preschool set, announced on Tuesday a live tour throughout the US. But Stevin John, the man who created Blippi and plays him in videos that routinely get over 20 million views, won't be there. Instead, an actor will be playing the “character” of Blippi, an adult man in tight jeans and orange bowtie who delights in learning about fire trucks and tractors. And the only way you'd know that is if you bothered to read the fine print on the Blippi Live website. Parents are pissed. “I’m livid,” said Dana Oliver, who spent about $400 on three 6th row tickets plus two meet and greet tickets to take her kid to see the Toronto show. “I’m trying to get a refund.” Blippi has achieved tremendous success on YouTube with live-action videos in which he explores playgrounds, children’s museums, farms, zoos, and various pieces of heavy machinery. For parents who know that YouTube is a sea of garbage and horrors for young kids, Blippi is a welcome island of wholesome entertainment. You can put on a Blippi video for your kid and not worry that they might be gored or abused. Blippi may not be as educational as Sesame Street, but he’s safe. John, the man behind the orange hat and glasses of Blippi, has parlayed this success into an empire. Ad revenue from YouTube varies widely, but an estimate from analytics firm Social Blade suggests he could easily be raking in between $100,000 and $1.6 million per month in YouTube ads alone. John has his own production facility in Las Vegas with employees who shoot, edit, and animate his videos. There’s also a line of Blippi merchandise sold on his site and Amazon — Blippi costumes, shirts, dolls, even a line of sneakers in his signature blue and orange. The live tour was announced Tuesday on the official Blippi Facebook page. The post did not mention that Blippi would be played by someone else. "I won't be on the road, but I am obviously extremely involved with the whole process," John told Billboard about