“Amazon’s Choice” is a label designed to convince customers to buy what Amazon says are “highly-rated, well-priced products.” Products with the designation see a threefold increase in sales, according to a 2018 study. But many Amazon’s Choice products sold by third-party sellers are not what they seem. Some listings have inflated ratings and feature glowing reviews written by customers who were promised gift cards or free products by sellers in exchange for five-star ratings. Sean, a longtime Amazon Prime member who asked to be identified by his first name only, recently bought a $19 waterproof case on Amazon for his new Samsung Galaxy phone. The case had over 100 positive reviews by verified purchasers, and an Amazon’s Choice designation, which, Sean said, is what led him purchase to it. The product turned out to be terrible. The buttons were difficult to press, and the built-in screen protector was so reflective that it rendered the phone unusable in daylight. He immediately knew why the crappy case had such great reviews. Tucked into the product’s packaging were instructions on how to redeem a $19 gift card (it does not specify the type of gift card). Proof of a five-star review of the case was required. “It’s really telling that the offer was for the entire amount of the item,” Sean told BuzzFeed News. The case's seller did not return BuzzFeed News’ request for comment. He plans on returning the product and hopes Amazon will more closely scrutinize its recommendations for items sold by third-party sellers: “Amazon is not checking up on Amazon’s Choice nearly enough. [This case] is not a quirky, out-of-the-way item. It’s a primary accessory for one of the most popular phones on the market.” In a statement, an Amazon spokesperson told BuzzFeed News that incentivized reviews are against the site's policy, and that sellers who violate its rules are suspended or banned, adding, “When a product we identify as Amazon’s Choice does not continue to meet our high bar, we 