It’s been a rough decade for Facebook and Twitter. The two entered the 2010s with so much promise. On Twitter, you could talk to just about anyone. On Facebook, you could treat yourself to endless amusement, scrolling through photos and statuses your friends probably should not have posted. Then, all hell broke loose. Social media was no longer fun. It was toxic. And it got this way for a reason. Ultimately, Facebook and Twitter descended into chaos by their own doing. Over the course of 10 years, they made a series of misguided product decisions that transformed them from online amusement parks into hellscapes. Here’s how it happened. Time magazine named Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg its Person of the Year in 2010, in what was likely the apex of social media’s popularity. The site, back then, had a mere 550 million users. “It started out as a lark, a diversion, but it has turned into something real, something that has changed the way human beings relate to one another on a species-wide scale,” the Time article said. Time approached Zuckerberg with an optimistic tone — even reverence — aware of his accomplishments and power. Throughout the profile, however, there was a sense of uncertainty as to where that power would lead. As Time was interviewing Zuckerberg, then-FBI director Robert Mueller walked into the room. A Facebook spokesperson tried to put that off record, but the reporter wouldn’t have it. “They shook hands and chatted about nothing for a couple of minutes, and then Mueller left,” the Time profile said. “There was a giddy silence while everybody just looked at one another as if to say, What the hell just happened?” Facebook looked like this at the time: The social network’s News Feed was up and running, but Facebook was primarily a directory where people could share their lives with friends and families. Public content — from celebrities, news sites, and politicians — was barely present. Facebook had grand designs. It wanted third-party developers to buil