NEW DELHI — Instagram has refused to say whether it will comply with a court order to provide the identity of whoever is running an anonymous account sharing #MeToo stories of abuse in India’s art world. The company told BuzzFeed News it could not comment on the order made in an Indian court as the case was still before judges, but said that it always cooperates with law enforcement. If Instagram complies with the order, it could set a dangerous precedent for its policy on revealing the identities behind anonymous accounts. At the center of the case is an Instagram account called Scene and Herd, or @herdsceneand, which has anonymously posted stories of alleged abuse in the India’s art world since last year. Subodh Gupta, an award-winning artist and recipient of France’s highest honor for the arts, filed a defamation suit worth around $700,000 at the Delhi High Court after he was accused in a post on Scene and Herd last December of verbally and physically harassing his women assistants. Subodh Gupta has denied the allegations, saying that they have been made from behind a "veil of anonymity" and as a result his reputation has been destroyed. (Subodh Gupta's lawyers did not respond to a request for comment from BuzzFeed News.) In a court hearing last month, a judge instructed Google and Facebook — Instagram’s owner — to remove links that mention Subodh Gupta’s name in connection with #MeToo allegations. "Our teams are reviewing the court order and will take action in compliance with the local laws," a Google spokesperson told BuzzFeed News. The judge also directed Instagram to provide the identity of the person running Scene and Herd, in a sealed envelope, by the date of the next hearing, Nov. 18. Instagram declined to answer questions on this case. But BuzzFeed News has seen an email an Instagram executive sent in late September to the people behind an anonymous #MeToo-related Instagram account that asked to be left out of their legal trouble when they were sued. Thi