The news Tuesday that Mark Zuckerberg is preparing to fight Sen. Elizabeth Warren's policies has returned the spotlight to an uncomfortable fact about Facebook’s scale and power: Its actions could help determine whether Warren, Donald Trump, or someone else is sworn into office in January 2021. Facebook’s power to promote or block stories, lies, and personalities has been a central story over the last four years. But its greatest proven power in elections is more concrete: Facebook has shown that it can, with a campaign inside the service, drive its users to the polls. That’s because while Facebook’s cheerful, and scientifically proven, “I Voted” button seems neutral, it isn’t turning out a cross section of Americans. It’s turning out a cross section of people who use Facebook. And as Facebook’s user base morphs into the Trump coalition — older, less-educated, and more Republican — the platform's get-out-the-vote efforts could become a powerful element of the president's reelection campaign, one that could tip the vote in battleground states in the general election. “You cannot participate in politics one way or the other without making a political statement,” said Harper Reed, the chief technology officer for Obama's 2012 presidential campaign. A Facebook spokesperson declined to comment on whether the platform would run a get-out-the-vote campaign targeting its users in 2020 or to disclose the volume of any planned campaign. The spokesperson, who declined to be named, said, “Facebook provides people with accurate and nonpartisan information about how to register and participate in upcoming elections as part of our defenses against interference from bad actors.” Facebook’s role in the 2020 election has come under fire from Democrats recently. After the site’s vice president of global affairs, Nick Clegg, reaffirmed that politicians like Trump would not be subject to its fact-checking policies, Democratic National Committee CEO Seema Nanda claimed on CNN on Tuesday 