If you’ve never bought a GoPro before, will the new Hero 8 Black model, out Oct. 20, be the one that finally sways you to spend $400 on a durable camera to capture your most exciting moments on the go? Probably not, if you ask me. But let’s back up a step — I am perhaps the worst person to review the new GoPro. I’ve never taken a helicopter up the face of a mountain in Alaska to snowboard down an “avalanche wall.” I’ve never been surprised by a great white shark alone on my longboard. Sending me on this “Spring Break Party Cruise” would be like sending me to hell, but worse, because I’d have to take videos of it. My idea of an action sport is sitting very quietly in meditation on a yoga mat while my guru whispers affirmations. It’s very relaxing, but there’s not a lot of photo opportunities in inner peace. In other words, I am not the textbook GoPro user. But I’ve always wanted to try one. The video looks crisp. People look like they're having fun. Who wouldn’t want that? So I was excited to try it out. I was really curious if I, a brisk walker at best, could find some use for the best action sports camera on the market. Let’s run through the features. The camera sports a 12-megapixel camera, the same as the Hero 7 Black (and as Apple’s iPhone 11) and shoots footage at 100 megabits per second. Like last year’s model, it’s waterproof to 33 feet and comes with voice control, 8x slow-motion filming, GPS, and stereo audio recording. What all this means is that if you are knocked off a whale-watching cruise while filming, you will still capture clear, sharp footage and sound — assuming you fall no more than 33 feet into the water. The big changes from previous GoPros are what the company bills as HyperSmooth 2.0 — image stabilization across all levels of resolution and frame rates, a one-tap slow-motion filming mode, and LiveBurst, a camera mode which allows you to take a 3-second videos or the best frame from the series as a photo — which, if you’re like me, a scrub at 