A tweet warning of a second American civil war written by a far-right militia with almost 24,000 followers doesn't violate Twitter's terms of service. On Sunday night, President Donald Trump tweeted a thread quoting statements made by Pastor Robert Jeffress on Fox News that if Trump were impeached and removed from office, a civil war would break out. The Twitter account belonging to the Oath Keepers, which the Southern Poverty Law Center describes as "one of the largest radical antigovernment groups in the US today," quote-tweeted the president and added, "This whole thread is important to read. The term 'civil war' is increasingly on people’s tongue. And not just 'cold civil war' — full-blown 'hot' civil war. Fact is patriots consider the left to be domestic enemies of the Constitution bent on the destruction of the Republic..." Twitter told BuzzFeed News it would not provide a comment on whether tweets that call for civil war violate its terms of service. But BuzzFeed News confirmed Monday that the platform did not intend to remove the tweet or take policy action regarding the organization's account. In June, Twitter formalized a process that it had been operating under for years. Politicians who violated its terms of service wouldn't be punished and its content would remain on the site if it met a standard of "public interest." If a politician's content didn't meet its criteria for newsworthiness, their tweets would remain up, but quarantined behind a disclaimer. Trump, as the president of the United States, by definition qualifies under a public interest exemption. A militia tweeting in agreement would not — on the face of it — be protected under the same standard. According to Twitter's current rules and policies, content that promotes violence, terrorism, or violent extremism is not allowed. "You may not threaten violence against an individual or a group of people," the Twitter terms of service reads. "You may not threaten or promote terrorism or violent extre