Iconic teen retailer Forever 21 said it would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on Sunday, as the company grapples with low sales, online competition, and changing consumer tastes. The retailer will close up to 178 stores in the United States, as well as ceasing brick-and-mortar operations in 40 countries, including Japan and Canada. “Any potential paths we are considering are meant to strengthen Forever 21 and does NOT mean Forever 21 is going out of business,” Forever 21 CEO and founder Do Won Chang told stores in an email on Sept. 12. “We will continue to operate, providing customers with great service and the curated merchandise they love and expect from Forever 21.” Forever 21 will continue to operate online, and in many of its physical stores across the United States and Latin America. The Chapter 11 bankruptcy comes amid dwindling sales and struggles by the Chang family to sort out the company’s finances. After launching with one store in Los Angeles in 1984, Forever 21 grew into a mall staple, peaking at 700 outlets worldwide. But today, the company faces similar challenges to the ones that sent chains like Toys ‘R’ Us, Radio Shack, JCPenney, and Sears into turmoil — how to stay profitable as foot traffic becomes less important. Forever 21 leans heavily into real estate. The company is mall chain Taubman Properties' largest tenant, making up 4.3% of its total square footage. Its stores — averaging at around 34,000 square feet — are much larger than the stores of Taubman’s second-largest tenant, H&M, which store average 20,700 square feet. Many of its stores are connected by onerous leases to malls, which have suffered decreased traffic and sales as consumer patterns change. A former employee told BuzzFeed News that a quick review of a handful of stores in the Los Angeles area showed Forever 21 paid anywhere between 20% and 40% of store sales on rent. Retail stores typically pay between 10% to 15% of sales on rent. And in the face of these challenges, many Forev