Last week, Google quietly removed at least 46 apps from the Play store belonging to iHandy, a major Chinese mobile developer, and initially declined to comment on why it took action against the company. Now Google has told BuzzFeed News the apps were removed due to "deceptive or disruptive ads." "Our Google Play developer policies are designed to help create the best experience for users, and we explicitly prohibit deceptive or disruptive ads. When violations are found, we take action," said a statement from a Google spokesperson. The iHandy removals, which had not been previously reported, are yet another example of Google taking action against a major Chinese app developer over ad violations, further raising concerns about the ad and privacy practices of Android developers based in that country. iHandy, a Beijing-based company, filed documents earlier this year to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. It describes itself as “one of the world’s largest mobile application developers” and says it has 180 million monthly active users in more than 200 countries. Google removed at least 46 iHandy apps, including selfie, security and antivirus, keyboards, horoscopes, emoji, and health apps, from the Android Play store that in total had been downloaded in the aggregate tens of millions of times. One of the most popular was “Sweet Camera — Selfie Beauty Camera, Filters,” which had been downloaded more than 50 million times alone. Google initially left eight of the company’s apps in the Google Play store, but removed three of those after this article was published. The means a total of 49 iHandy apps have been removed as of this writing, and Goole says its investigation is ongoing. The Google rep also confirmed the removed iHandy apps are no longer being monetized using Google’s ad network. In its filing to go public, iHandy listed Google as its biggest customer in 2018, which suggests the Silicon Valley giant’s ad network is iHandy’s single largest source of revenue. S