WeWork’s co-president and chief financial officer Artie Minson and vice-chairman Sebastian Gunningham have been named co-CEOs of the company.  Neumann said in a statement: "While our business has never been stronger, in recent weeks, the scrutiny directed toward me has become a significant distraction, and I have decided that it is in the best interest of the company to step down as chief executive. Thank you to my colleagues, our members, our landlord partners, and our investors for continuing to believe in this great business.” WeWork delayed its IPO last week after investors expressed concern about the company's falling valuation and Neumann's leadership of the company. The We Company has never been profitable and its valuation fell to $15 billion (possibly lower) after being valued at $47 billion earlier this year.  Since the company was founded in 2010, his "over-the-top" style has drawn criticism, most recently detailed by the Wall Street Journal. Here are some of the cofounder's most WTF moments. According to the WSJ, "the flight crew found a sizable chunk of the drug stuffed in a cereal box for the return flight [from Israel], according to people familiar with the incident. The jet’s owner, upset and fearing repercussions of trans-border marijuana transport, recalled the plane, leaving Mr. Neumann to find his own way back to New York." The story went on to say "multiple people who have been on planes with him say he often smokes while airborne." WeWork rebranded as the We Company in January. According to CNBC, "the We Company acquired the trademark to 'We' from We Holdings LLC, an investment vehicle with Neumann and cofounder Miguel McKelvey, and in exchange received an additional stake worth about $5.9 million." Following criticism, Neumann returned the payment. In 2018, the company banned red meat, poultry, and pork from WeWork offices to “leave a better world for future generations." According to the WSJ, "executives in New York were caught off guard. Wit