HONG KONG — When Isaac Cheng saw three men standing near the door of his apartment on an evening in early September, he didn’t think anything of it. But when Cheng, 19, pulled out his keys and moved to open the door just as he normally would, one of the men swung his fist at his left eye. As Cheng’s glasses fell off, another man’s fist landed on the same eye. “Why are you doing this?” he asked. His face was swollen and scratched in a photo posted on Twitter. The men, whom Cheng described as middle-aged and wearing gold chains, didn’t say much other than shout profanities at him. After a few minutes, a neighbor called out from a window and the men ran off, Cheng said. The whole incident happened so fast that Cheng barely had time to process it. “I wasn’t thinking about anything,” he told BuzzFeed News. “It wasn’t until later that I realized it was probably for my role in the protests.” Cheng is the vice chair of Demosisto, a pro-democracy organization led by Joshua Wong, a former leader of the 2014 Umbrella Movement and now part of the mass pro-democracy protests that have crippled Hong Kong for months. The attack against Cheng hadn’t come out of nowhere. In late August, Cheng saw his personal information — including his address, phone number, and Facebook accounts — listed on a website alongside those of other protesters. He shared a screenshot with BuzzFeed News. On Aug. 31, a day that one of the many weekend protests had turned violent, Cheng’s phone was flooded with phone calls. The same thing happened when Demosisto organized a student strike on Sept. 2, the first day of school in Hong Kong and the day Cheng was attacked. The calls were so frequent it was hard to use his phone. “They just wanted to block out any communication,” Cheng said. On another occasion, Cheng said someone had tried to access his Telegram account, but failed because he had two-factor authentication in place. Cheng believes the website that doxed him by publishing his personal information o