Note: Sega provided this console free of charge but BuzzFeed was under no obligation to review it. It has two ports on the back: one HDMI (display output) and the other micro USB (power). There are two USB ports in the front for controllers. The USB ports are a big win over the SNES Mini, which has those Wii controller ports. This should be much more flexible in the long run for third-party controllers. (The power switch is legit, and is how you turn the console on and off.) Obviously it doesn't actually take cartridges, but maybe you could store some Q-tips or a very small Chapstick in there or something. The controller felt fine in my hands, but I did experience some double-presses with the D-pad. Playing a game like Sonic the Hedgehog or Comix Zone was fine, but playing Tetris was tough. I found that my button presses felt either a tad slow to respond, or were over-responsive.  Of course, some of this might just be an adjustment back to old software for someone who hasn't played a Sega console in years and is used to the very snappy Tetris 99 on Switch. Also, I just kinda suck at Tetris, so... Obviously you get Sonic and Sonic 2, but there's also Altered Beast, the very creative Comix Zone, Earthworm Jim, Street Fighter II, and a bunch of other classics. What's especially cool is that switching the operating language to Japanese will change the whole UI, and even add the Japanese-only Puyo Puyo to the games list! You can check out the Genesis Mini site for the full list of games. There are a few glaring omissions, such as Mortal Kombat or Disney's Aladdin, but overall the list is pretty great. Other features include a "save state" system, where you can save at any point during any game and load it up later. As of yet, the Genesis Mini doesn't have the "rewind" feature that the SNES Mini has. It also makes the whole system that much more portable. Honestly, the controllers will probably take up more room than anything. Even if the controllers bother you, there wil