One year ago, amid ongoing privacy scandals, Facebook introduced a line of always-listening, voice-activated devices called Portal. Since then, the company has struggled to reassure the public that it will protect their data. And yet it remains committed to putting Facebook hardware with cameras and microphones in customers’ homes. Facebook announced three new products today: the 8-inch Portal Mini ($129) and 10-inch Portal ($179) — two picture frame–sized devices designed to sit on a countertop — and the Portal TV ($149), an accessory designed to sit on top of at-home televisions and let far-flung friends view Facebook Watch shows together. The devices include cameras and microphones designed specifically for video calling and have voice control via built-in Amazon Alexa software. As of today, Amazon Prime Video can also be streamed through Portal, alongside Spotify, Pandora, iHeartRadio, and other apps announced last year. Currently, Netflix and Hulu are not available through Portal or Portal TV. Notably, the new devices have significantly lower prices than last year’s models, which ranged between $200 and $349. Facebook executives said the cuts are aimed at allowing more people to use Portal. “The most important thing for us is getting our experiences out there, and seeing how people react to them,” said Andrew Bosworth, vice president of augmented and virtual reality at Facebook, at a press event on Tuesday. “We’re not focused on the [Portal] business model right now.” The primary function of Portal is making calls over Facebook Messenger, and for the first time, it allows users to place video and audio calls over the Facebook-owned WhatsApp service, which is end-to-end encrypted. Encryption means that only the sender and recipient can see the contents — not even WhatsApp can access the contents. Facebook Messenger works a little differently. Facebook could, if it wanted to, listen to a Messenger call because it has access to the decryption keys. But on a websit