I take more pictures of my dogs than I do of my kids. I feel no guilt in saying this. My dogs are often a lot more entertaining than my kids, who spend a lot of time doing homework and don’t have an irrational fear of Amazon boxes, large bags, or the wind. Beyond this, dog pics have become an important secondary form of communication with my family. You can say a lot with a photo of a dog eating someone’s underwear. Increasingly, people buy phones for the camera. Or rather: They buy phones for the pictures they can take and share with friends, family, and the internet. I’m no different. I like my phones to be good cameras — not in a “this image exhibits the silver halide qualities of true black and white” way, but in a “this photo of my dog passed out after eating a dozen bagels looks great” way. And with its new triple-camera system (ultrawide, wide, and telephoto), Apple’s new iPhone 11 Pro line is a very good camera indeed — perhaps the best smartphone camera around. It is also a very good phone in a “Thing performs intended functions well. Thing good!” way, as I explained at length last year. The other upgrades? They’re all pretty great, though incremental. But odds are, what you care about is the camera. What I care about is my dogs. Anyway, let’s do this. My dogs and I have spent the past few days with the iPhone 11 Pro Max, and I think they would agree when I say that it is an excellent camera for humans who enjoy photographing dogs. As a test of camera performance, dogs are my gold standard: They don’t stay still, and capturing their details (fur in particular) is a challenge. Not only is the iPhone 11 Pro Max capable of taking dog photos of great variety and visual accuracy, it can take them in the low-light conditions dogs so enjoy and with studio effects that do a good job of making them appear as adorable as they truly are. And if you should, say, drop it in the shallow waters of a local creek while playing lifeguard to an 80-pound dog terrified of being