When Apple opened its first store in 2001, it seemed destined to fail. Bloomberg Businessweek said, “Sorry, Steve: Here’s Why Apple Stores Won’t Work.” David Goldstein, former president of the consulting firm Channel Marketing, said, “Apple will turn the lights off within two years and will have a very bad and expensive experience.” And the New York Times piled on, “no computer manufacturer has successfully branched into retail stores.” We all know what happened next — Apple changed the retail game. Apple Stores, which now number 508 across 22 countries, broke every rule in electronics retailing on its way to becoming a cultural icon. Instead of the food court, it was a meet-up spot for friends before window-shopping at Hot Topic or Claire’s. People spent hours in its sleek stores hovering over the rows of Mac laptops playing with the filters on Photo Booth and uploading the best photos to Myspace. It felt like stealing when an Apple Store employee would swipe your credit card on an iPhone instead of waiting in line at a register. When they’d operate on your glitchy computer and hand it back to you shiny and new, the people at the Genius Bar seemed like actual geniuses. It was an experience that other computer retailers like Dell and Microsoft tried to imitate but couldn’t. It was the future — and then the future caught up. Now nearly 20 years later, and a week away from the grand reopening of Apple’s Fifth Avenue flagship store in New York, the company faces the same challenge with its stores as it does with its products — how to keep pace once its cutting-edge ideas have become standard. “Now more than ever retailers are depending on experience to drive traffic,” Mike Smith, director of real estate with the business consulting firm Streetsense, told BuzzFeed News. “Apple was a bit ahead of the curve with everyone else playing catch up. But it also makes Apple seem less special and less innovative.” Apple is keeping mum about the details of its new Fifth Avenue sto