text,category
"The date in the grainy video footage says “July 17, 2019, 9:19 p.m.” A man in a muddy brown shalwar kameez enters an ATM booth. He pauses briefly to examine the machine before fiddling with it. As he sticks his finger into the cash slot, he notices the blinking red light of a camera observing him. Defiant, he sticks out his tongue and makes a face, puffing out his cheeks. The man proceeds to pry off the front panel of the ATM and notices a second camera embedded in the machine. He pulls more faces, chuckling. Finally, he grabs the cash and makes his getaway. As far as heists go, this was nothing spectacular. The man in the video — my cousin, Salahuddin Ayubi — made off with less than $400. But thanks to his taunting, the security footage started going viral via social media and Pakistani news coverage in late August. The image of a robber brazenly sticking out his tongue at security cameras took on a Robin Hood–like quality in Pakistan, a country beset by severe and growing income inequality. And while many found the video entertaining and ballsy — stick it to the Man! — it also put Salahuddin on the Man’s radar. The Pakistani economy is capsizing under the pressure of stolen billions, and we are one of the most corrupt countries in the world — but apparently one man taking $400 turned out to be one step too far. Salahuddin had embarrassed the state, in a way its own excesses never seem to. What’s worse, he had shown a blatant disregard for its authority. My family knew that the police were looking for him; for a week after the video went viral, my cousin Usama frantically tried to reach him and warn him to lie low. But blending into the crowd was never something Salahuddin was willing to do. When we were little, neighbors in the small village of Gorali referred to Salahuddin as “off,” which I later understood to be code for his serious mental health conditions — possibly schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, according to the doctors who eventually diagnosed him and w",health
"Submissions have been edited for length and clarity. At the beginning of 2018, I had been at my heaviest since having my second child. I wanted to feel good about myself and get healthy for my kids. I first started by making tiny changes in my diet (like substituting regular cream and sugar in my coffee for skim milk and Splenda). After the first two months of changing what I was eating, I joined a small local gym that does HIIT (high-intensity interval training). I never thought I'd love working out so much, but I felt so strong and really started to see my body change. It was a total lifestyle change. It wasn’t easy, but in total I lost 45 pounds in 2018. —sarahr4a457a1a8 Over four years I lost 130 pounds. It all started with my mom's unexpected death from a heart attack, which caused me to reevaluate my own health choices. I started making tiny changes, like eliminating soda (which was a huge help) and walking instead of driving when possible. The usual things you'd assume – like focusing on your nutrition and exercising – really do work over time. I promise. —sarahg123 I've spent the last three years making small decisions every day for a healthier lifestyle. I've been trading fast food for meal-prepped food, and I've subbed Netflix marathons for ultramarathons on trails. I’ve dropped 120+ pounds and gained a whole new world! No fad diets, no supplements, no pills, and no weird shakes – just good, old, better nutrition and exercise. The key was that I never called it a “diet."" Instead, I chose to find a sustainable lifestyle that would ensure I stuck with it. Maintaining my weight around 150 pounds from 270+ has completely changed the trajectory of my life! —heatherg4baee7533 I spent years using food as an escape from my depression and anxiety, and I hid behind my computer playing video games. Then I got a dog (two puppy Australian Cattle Dogs, to be exact). They were nuts, and I couldn't keep up with them. They deserved more, and I knew it was time for a change",health
"The Vitamix blender was given to BuzzFeed for free, but we were not obligated to review it. Power: 1,200 watts Settings: Three food settings (smoothie, shake, and food chop), three texture settings (thin, medium, and thick), and four manual settings (low, medium, high, pulse) Cleaning: Dishwasher safe, 64-ounce plastic blending container Warranty: One-year limited manufacturer's warranty Extras: Includes a five-cup food processor attachment Price: $79.99 Power: 1,400 watts Settings: 12 pre-set Auto-iQ® smart settings (smoothie, ice cream, hearty soup, saute, sauce/dip, smooth soup, extract, mixer, cocktail, and water)  Warranty: One-year limited manufacturer's warranty Cleaning: Hand wash only, 64-ounce glass blending container Extras: 800-watt heating element that boils water Price: $159.99 Power: 1,380 watts Settings: Five food settings (smoothies, hot soups, dips/spreads, frozen desserts, and self-cleaning), variable speed control dial, and pulse for manually creating desired texture Warranty: 10-year full warranty Cleaning: Dishwasher safe, 64-ounce plastic blending container Extras: Built-in wireless connectivity, touch screen buttons, and a programmable timer Price: $524.95 Oster pros: Affordable, lots of blending options Oster cons: Unsure of lasting durability – the base seemed light and sometimes rocked back and forth Ninja pros: Warming feature that allows you to make soups/sauces directly in the blender, comes with a glass pitcher which can be preferable, heavy base that seems durable Ninja cons: The cord is very short, chunkier consistency Vitamix pros: 10-year warranty on everything, warming feature that allows you to make soups/sauces directly in the blender, smooth consistency Vitamix cons: Expensive There was a significant difference in the consistency of what was made in the Vitamix, but if you're not ready to shell out half a grand, then I would go with Oster. It performed better than the Ninja and is less expensive! Hi, I'm Krista and I'm here to ",health
"This story was reported in partnership with the Reporter, an investigative news site in Taiwan. Peng Kuan Chin pulled out his phone, eager to show the future of online manipulation. Unseen servers began crawling the web for Chinese articles and posts. The system quickly reorganized the words and sentences into new text. His screen displayed a rapidly increasing tally of the articles generated by his product, which he dubs the “Content Farm Automatic Collection System."" With the articles in hand, a set of websites that Peng controlled published them, and his thousands of fake social media accounts spread them across the internet, instantly sending manipulated content into news feeds, messaging app inboxes, and search results. ""I developed this for manipulating public opinion,” Peng told the Reporter, an investigative news site in Taipei, which partnered with BuzzFeed News for this article. He added that automation and artificial intelligence “can quickly generate traffic and publicity much faster than people.” The 32-year-old wore Adidas Yeezy sneakers and a gold Rolex as he sat in a two-story office in the industrial part of Taichung that was filled with feng shui items such as a money frog and lucky bamboo. A riot gun, which uses compressed air to fire nonlethal projectiles, rested on his desk. Peng said he bought it for “recreational purposes.” In the interview, he detailed his path from sending spam emails as a 14-year-old to, being recruited to help with the 2018 reelection campaign of Najib Razak, the former prime minister of Malaysia. (He resigned before the election amid a corruption scandal.) Peng’s clients are companies, brands, political parties, and candidates in Asia. “Customers have money, and I don't care what they buy,"" he said. They’re purchasing an end-to-end online manipulation system, which can influence people on a massive scale — resulting in votes cast, products sold, and perceptions changed. Peng’s product is modeled on automation software he ",politics
"This story was reported in partnership with the Reporter, an investigative news site in Taiwan. Peng Kuan Chin pulled out his phone, eager to show the future of online manipulation. Unseen servers began crawling the web for Chinese articles and posts. The system quickly reorganized the words and sentences into new text. His screen displayed a rapidly increasing tally of the articles generated by his product, which he dubs the “Content Farm Automatic Collection System."" With the articles in hand, a set of websites that Peng controlled published them, and his thousands of fake social media accounts spread them across the internet, instantly sending manipulated content into news feeds, messaging app inboxes, and search results. ""I developed this for manipulating public opinion,” Peng told the Reporter, an investigative news site in Taipei, which partnered with BuzzFeed News for this article. He added that automation and artificial intelligence “can quickly generate traffic and publicity much faster than people.” The 32-year-old wore Adidas Yeezy sneakers and a gold Rolex as he sat in a two-story office in the industrial part of Taichung that was filled with feng shui items such as a money frog and lucky bamboo. A riot gun, which uses compressed air to fire nonlethal projectiles, rested on his desk. Peng said he bought it for “recreational purposes.” In the interview, he detailed his path from sending spam emails as a 14-year-old to, being recruited to help with the 2018 reelection campaign of Najib Razak, the former prime minister of Malaysia. (He resigned before the election amid a corruption scandal.) Peng’s clients are companies, brands, political parties, and candidates in Asia. “Customers have money, and I don't care what they buy,"" he said. They’re purchasing an end-to-end online manipulation system, which can influence people on a massive scale — resulting in votes cast, products sold, and perceptions changed. Peng’s product is modeled on automation software he ",tech
"The Trump administration on Thursday announced plans to bar sales of flavored e-cigarette cartridges, except for menthol and tobacco flavors. ""The United States has never seen an epidemic of substance use arise as quickly as our current epidemic of youth use of e-cigarettes,"" Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar said in a statement about the change, which goes into effect in 30 days. The FDA released its statement announcing the new policy on Thursday, saying the move was not a ""ban"" but an announcement prioritizing the agency's law enforcement powers against tobacco products. The agency ""has attempted to balance the public health concerns,"" the statement said. The move would exclude refillable vaporizer liquid flavors also sold in vape shops. Unlike the cartridges, which are commonly used in e-cigarette devices like Juul, the exempt liquids are used in vaping devices that come with a refillable reservoir tank. The partial flavor ""enforcement policy"" comes as a retreat from the president first saying he would ban all flavored vapes in early September. Last month, Trump signed the federal spending bill that raised the age to buy both tobacco cigarettes and e-cigarettes to 21, up from 18 nationwide. That age increase covers flavored nicotine liquids sold to refill larger vaporizers, which are exempted from the new ban. “We’re going to protect our families, we’re going to protect our children, and we’re going to protect the industry,"" said President Donald Trump on New Year's Eve. ""People have died from this."" In November, survey results reported by the Journal of the American Medical Association suggested that more than 1 in 4 high school students (more than 5 million teens nationwide) now use flavored e-cigarettes monthly, a significant increase from last year that alarmed public health officials. Mint was the most popular flavor among high school students, according to the surveys, followed by mango. In October, the e-cigarette giant Juul announced the susp",science
"The date in the grainy video footage says “July 17, 2019, 9:19 p.m.” A man in a muddy brown shalwar kameez enters an ATM booth. He pauses briefly to examine the machine before fiddling with it. As he sticks his finger into the cash slot, he notices the blinking red light of a camera observing him. Defiant, he sticks out his tongue and makes a face, puffing out his cheeks. The man proceeds to pry off the front panel of the ATM and notices a second camera embedded in the machine. He pulls more faces, chuckling. Finally, he grabs the cash and makes his getaway. As far as heists go, this was nothing spectacular. The man in the video — my cousin, Salahuddin Ayubi — made off with less than $400. But thanks to his taunting, the security footage started going viral via social media and Pakistani news coverage in late August. The image of a robber brazenly sticking out his tongue at security cameras took on a Robin Hood–like quality in Pakistan, a country beset by severe and growing income inequality. And while many found the video entertaining and ballsy — stick it to the Man! — it also put Salahuddin on the Man’s radar. The Pakistani economy is capsizing under the pressure of stolen billions, and we are one of the most corrupt countries in the world — but apparently one man taking $400 turned out to be one step too far. Salahuddin had embarrassed the state, in a way its own excesses never seem to. What’s worse, he had shown a blatant disregard for its authority. My family knew that the police were looking for him; for a week after the video went viral, my cousin Usama frantically tried to reach him and warn him to lie low. But blending into the crowd was never something Salahuddin was willing to do. When we were little, neighbors in the small village of Gorali referred to Salahuddin as “off,” which I later understood to be code for his serious mental health conditions — possibly schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, according to the doctors who eventually diagnosed him and w",reader
"Then we spoke with Dr. Sophia Yen, MD, MPH, who is an Associate Professor of Pediatrics in the Division of Adolescent Medicine at Stanford Medical School and CEO and Co-Founder of Pandia Health, to get her expert responses on these questions. Dr. Yen: ""No. What it is, is that 10% of women have PCOS (Polycystic ovary syndrome). PCOS women will have a hard time getting pregnant. So if you put all women on birth control, and then take them off, you expect 10% of women to have a hard time getting pregnant. It is NOT because of the birth control, it’s because of the PCOS. Oddly enough, for PCOS women, sometimes being on the birth control (which normalizes their hormones) then coming off is when they are most fertile because that is when their hormones are most normal."" Dr. Yen: No. Usually it happens on insertion of the IUD by the practitioner. Or the practitioner stuck it in the wall and the uterine contractions pushed it through. But not by penis."" Dr. Yen: ""If you are on the progesterone only pills, you have a 3 hour window. If you are 3 hours or more late, you need to use emergency contraception if you had sex within the past 5 days and use a backup method or abstain for the next 5 days (while you catch up). If you are on the 'regular' estrogen AND progesterone 'combined' pills, then there is a larger window. You can miss 1 pill and still be OK. 2 pills sometimes OK. But at 3 pills, definitely consider emergency contraception if you had sex within the past 5 days and use a backup method or abstain for the next 5 days (while you catch up)."" Dr. Yen: That is not a reported side effect, but anything is possible. Each person is different and might respond differently to the medication."" Dr. Yen: There is the IUD with hormone, the IUD without hormone, the implant, the shot, the vaginal ring, the patch, then there are like 40 different pills. One of these should work for you, but if not, using condoms plus spermicide is 97% effective in preventing pregnancy. Dr. Yen: ""It d",health
"There are only two things you need to know about President Donald Trump to figure out his foreign policy at this point: He is a penny-pincher who hates spending money on anyone or anything that does not benefit him directly, and he cannot abide by anything that makes it look as though he isn’t tough. Both traits were on vibrant display when the US killed a top Iranian general visiting Iraq early Friday morning local time. Qassem Soleimani died in a fiery drone strike alongside the commander of a major Shiite militia, targeted as he left Baghdad International Airport. He’s already been deemed a martyr by the Iranian government; days of mourning lie ahead for the man the regime would have remembered as the hero who beat ISIS. Many experts have said it was impossible to picture the Middle East’s future without Soleimani; likewise, the repercussions of his loss are impossible to predict. US officials like Secretary of State Mike Pompeo have insisted that Soleimani was in the process of planning new attacks against Americans. The general had to die to save lives — American lives. (Defense officials have already said that they were aware of only generalized threats.) And in a background briefing on Friday, a senior State Department official insisted that the targeted killing would prove to be an effective deterrent against Iran and that Tehran would have no major response. When asked why, the official said it was because the US is “speaking in a language that the regime understands.” Much like the reasoning for the strike itself, no evidence was given to support that claim. “We took action last night to stop a war. We did not take action to start a war,” Trump told reporters on Friday afternoon. Whether he truly believes that is beside the point right now. Because in every crisis and conflict that he has faced since becoming commander in chief, Trump has defaulted to the bluster that made him both an ever-present figure and perennial laughingstock in New York’s elite circ",politics
"LONDON — The retaliation that Iran promised in the aftermath of a US airstrike that killed the country's most powerful military leader could take the form of massive cyberattacks. Gen. Qassem Soleimani was killed in an airstrike ordered by US President Donald Trump. Soleimani was behind Iran's Middle East operations as head of the elite Quds Force, and the Pentagon said the targeted strike was meant to deter future attacks by Iran. Iran has one of the world’s most active state-sponsored cybersecurity programs. According to the US, its hackers have carried out attacks targeting several American financial institutions including the New York Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ since 2011, and even broke into the computer system of a dam north of New York City in 2013. Security analysts said Iran could strike US private sector targets again, and it is also possible that its hackers could seek to strike US critical infrastructure or that of its allies. John Hultquist, director of intelligence analysis for the cybersecurity firm FireEye, said he expected to see an uptick in espionage focused on government systems and “disruptive and destructive cyberattacks against the private sphere.” Iranian hackers have tried to break into US utilities, factories, and oil and gas facilities, Robert M. Lee, the chief executive of industrial control system security firm Dragos, told the Associated Press. Christopher Krebs, director of the US Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), said on Twitter that people should “pay close attention” to industrial systems. He linked to a statement from June in which he stated, “CISA is aware of a recent rise in malicious cyber activity directed at United States industries and government agencies by Iranian regime actors and proxies.” One reason Iran may have focused on building its cyber-capabilities is that its conventional military forces are no match for the US. Cyberattacks are one way for the country to gain an advantage over the US an",tech
"A Chinese court sentenced biomedical scientist He Jiankui and two accomplices to prison on Monday for “illegal medical practice” for genetically engineering three babies. In November 2018, He announced the birth of the first two children, twin girls named Lulu and Nana, as well as the pregnancy of a second woman carrying a genetically engineered fetus. The news created a scientific firestorm, with human genetic engineering experiments widely viewed as dangerous and unethical by scientific organizations worldwide. The third baby has now been born, according to reporting from China’s state news agency. The genetic engineering team fabricated an ethics review of their experiment, according to the Nanshan District People's Court of Shenzhen City ruling. They used the faked permissions to recruit couples living with HIV in hopes of helping them to conceive children genetically engineered to receive a mutation giving them immunity to some forms of the disease. He, formerly a biomedical scientist at the Southern University of Science and Technology in Shenzen, received a prison sentence of three years and a fine equivalent to $480,000. His associates, Zhang Renli and Qin Jinzhou, received jail terms of two years and 18 months with a two-year reprieve, according to the ruling, for practicing medicine without a license and violating Chinese regulations governing assisted reproduction. “The prison sentence and stiff financial penalty sends a message to other Chinese scientists that unsanctioned efforts at human germline editing will not be tolerated,” University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine researcher Kiran Musunuru told BuzzFeed News, by email. “I expect that it will have a deterrent effect, certainly in China and possibly elsewhere.” At an October conference, Musunuru had reported that a draft study submitted to a scientific journal about the twins by He’s team suggested that the genetic engineering attempt had badly misfired, targeting the wrong location for",science
"At my local theater in Montana, the New Year’s Day matinee of Knives Out started at 4:30. I assumed we could leave for the theater 10 minutes before it started, not worried about getting a seat. After all, the movie came out nearly five weeks ago — the weekend before Thanksgiving. But when we showed up at 4:35, while the previews were playing, there were just six seats left, all of which were filled before the opening credits started to roll. On Twitter, dozens of people told me that their screenings over the last week were also sold out — anecdotal data supported by box office receipts: On New Year’s Day alone, Knives Out pulled in $3.5 million on American screens. Which doesn’t sound like a lot, until you remember that it’s been out for five weeks. As of January 3, Knives Out has grossed over $215 million globally, all the more remarkable given its modest budget of just $40 million. Those numbers pale in comparison to director Rian Johnson’s previous feature, his controversial entry into the flagship Star Wars franchise; The Last Jedi (2017) cost more than $300 million to make and has earned more than $1.3 billion worldwide since it came out. But in Hollywood, a movie is generally thought to be profitable when it earns twice its budget, as studios often spend nearly as much on marketing and promotion as they do on the making of the movie. By that math, Knives Out is a massive hit and will only become a bigger one. (And, in what must be a somewhat satisfying twist of fate for Johnson, it’s now playing in theaters alongside JJ Abrams’ Star Wars: Episode IX — The Rise of Skywalker, which has seen massive ticket sales that are still significantly lower than the trilogy’s first two installments). This begs the question: Why has Knives Out — an old-school whodunnit, unrelated to any established franchise or source material — done so well? Some of the movie’s success might be thanks to good holiday timing, but it also has something that the latest entries in the Star War",reader
"NOTE: Obviously, everyone’s experience with childbirth is different, so I can only speak to what happened to me personally. If you want to remain anonymous, just say so after your question! My labor was over nine hours long, I almost had an emergency C-section, and I had an epidural after about seven hours of labor. Hi, internet world. I'm Krista and I've given birth vaginally in a hospital setting. In the past, we've shared interesting (and somewhat scary) facts about childbirth from an expert. But – before I gave birth – I remember having tons of questions that I wanted to ask regular people who had been through it. Like, did you really poop while giving birth and, if so, DID IT STINK UP THE ROOM?! I also had questions like, what does it really feel like to have stitches on your vagina? Is sex never the same afterwards? How many people were in the room with you and what does it feel like to have those people staring directly at your vagina as a human comes out of it? Also, what does an epidural feel like? FYI: The average epidural needle is over three inches long. So, if you have any secret questions you want answered from a mom who will not hold back – go for it. I am an open book. Ask away in the comments below and you could be featured in an upcoming BuzzFeed Community post!",health
"WASHINGTON — Democratic Sen. Tim Kaine has introduced a war powers resolution to cease hostilities with Iran until military actions are approved by Congress. After 10 days, Kaine can force a vote on his motion in the Senate, which cannot be blocked by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Kaine’s move comes after President Donald Trump authorized the killing of Iranian military leader Qassem Soleimani Thursday in Iraq, and amid expectations of retaliation by Iran. “The question of whether United States forces should be engaged in armed conflict against Iran should only be made following a full briefing to Congress and the American public of the issues at stake, a public debate in Congress, and a congressional vote as contemplated by the Constitution,” states the resolution. If passed, Kaine's resolution would direct Trump to remove US forces “from hostilities against the Islamic Republic of Iran or any part of its government or military” within 30 days, unless Congress acts to authorize military action. Trump did not brief the congressional leadership “Gang of Eight” — the heads of each party in the House and Senate, as well as the leaders of each party in the House and Senate Intelligence Committees — about the Soleimani attack in advance. Trump did, however, brief Sen. Lindsey Graham, who was golfing with the president at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida in advance of the attack. House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy was also with Trump at Mar-a-Lago during the attack Thursday. McConnell said Friday that senators would receive a briefing on the strike next week. Earlier this year, both the House and the Senate passed a similar resolution that would have forced the United States to back away from a Saudi-led proxy war against Iran in Yemen. Trump vetoed the resolution, and there was not enough support — two-thirds in each chamber — to override the veto. Congress has repeatedly ceded its authority to authorize wars over to the executive branch. The open-ended, 60-w",politics
"After a US military airstrike killed Qassem Soleimani, a top Iranian general, early Friday, people began spreading false and unverified information on social media. The misinformation spread across private messaging apps, as well as public platforms like Twitter. BuzzFeed News has compiled a running list of falsehoods and unverified information following the killing. An image of a deleted Eric Trump tweet from Dec. 31 — in which he said ""Bout to open up a big ol' can of whoop ass"" — caused many to speculate that the president's son was aware of the plan to strike against Soleimani. However, the tweet was taken out of context and did not refer to the operation. An archive of the tweet shows Trump was quote-tweeting a video of the US Marines arriving in Baghdad to protect the US Embassy, which was recently attacked. Adding to the confusion was a version of the tweet saved by PolitiTweet, which removed the URL that Eric Trump was quoting. PolitiTweet has since updated the way it archives tweets to include quote-tweet links. The photo first started circulating on Telegram and WhatsApp immediately after Soleimani's death. It then moved to Facebook and Twitter, where it kept picking up steam. The photograph has not been confirmed by authorities and remains unverified. However, an analysis of other images at the scene suggests that the severed hand in the photo may have belonged to Soleimani. Either way, we will monitor for updates and confirmation. (Warning: There are graphic images in the linked Twitter thread below.) After news of the killing broke, an account tweeted an unverified report claiming that US Marines were arresting members of the Iraqi Parliament. There were no official reports of this, and the account later said the information was false. In an early and small example of coordinated activity, at least four Instagram accounts simultaneously spread memes of coffins draped in US flags with the text ""Prepare your coffins."" The images were tagged with the White",tech
"Deciding whether to pack an umbrella for a weekend away is going to get a lot more difficult in the near future. Next-generation “5G” wireless signals — promising faster, stronger cellphone service — are going to disrupt weather satellite forecasts, according to warnings by meteorologists, lawmakers, and federal science agencies. 5G has so far rolled out in about 40 countries worldwide, most notably South Korea and China, but also in dozens of US cities such as Cleveland and Columbus, Ohio, which Verizon added Monday. “We are deeply concerned about the potential for degradation of our nation’s weather forecasts,” said a bipartisan Dec. 10 letter from the House Science Committee, calling for an investigation of a yearlong dispute between the Federal Communications Commission, charged with overseeing cellular signals, and the federal science agencies proclaiming a threat to US weather satellites. “Earth observing satellites are critically important for protecting the lives and property of the American people from severe weather.” At the heart of the fight are scientific findings that a massive federal auction of airwaves to cellular providers will interfere with weather satellite measurements, wrecking the reliability of the forecasts needed to plant crops, ship goods globally, or simply plan ahead for a trip. Against that, the cellphone industry promises that 5G will be a $565 billion industry by 2034, making its adoption a priority of the Trump administration. This year the FCC auctioned off 24-gigahertz radio frequencies for 5G transmissions, perilously close to the 23.8-gigahertz frequency at which water vapor molecules vibrate in the atmosphere. Weather satellites continuously monitor that subtle signal of humidity, which is an essential ingredient for accurate weather forecasts. Cellphone antennas transmitting 5G signals near that frequency could cause confusion for weather satellites, essentially pouring a firehose of misinformation into the supercomputer model",science
"There was a moment about three-quarters of the way through the seventh season of Vanderpump Rules when I realized: Oh my god, I hope this is where it ends. It was not a sentiment I had seen coming. I’ve been watching VPR since it debuted on Bravo in 2013, when it was just an upstart spinoff of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, serving mostly as an excuse for Housewife Lisa Vanderpump to put her restaurants’ names (SUR, Pump, and Villa Blanca) on television as often as possible — long before the show became a legitimate phenomenon, before the cast was being profiled in Vogue, and getting shouted out on Snapchat by Rihanna. (Vanderpump recently quit Real Housewives.) And for most of that six-year run, all I’ve ever wanted from the show was more: more maybe-coded fights about pasta, more of Tequila Katie’s rage-texting, more of Jax’s nose jobs and ill-advised post-breakup tattoos, and more, please god more, of Tom Sandoval’s intricate manscaping rituals and outlandish costume party getups. But if you were writing a narrative arc for the characters of Vanderpump Rules, I had to admit, this would be where you’d want to leave them: at the end of Season 7, when almost everyone appeared more stable, more sane, and generally just happier than they did back when we first encountered them, lo those many years ago. For starters, their romantic relationships have settled down considerably. Stassi Schroeder and Jax Taylor, who spent the first several seasons in a tempestuous, on-again, off-again relationship, have broken up for good, and found partners who seem to genuinely love them. The death of Jax’s father in early 2018 inspired him to propose to longtime girlfriend Brittany Cartwright; the two got married over the summer. Stassi, meanwhile, is engaged to boyfriend Beau Clark. SURvers Katie Maloney-Schwartz and Tom Schwartz are married and talking about having children; Ariana Madix and Tom Sandoval are seriously committed to each other and talking about not getting married o",reader
"""The students were surprised and disturbed by the results,"" Jaralee said. Jaralee Metcalf is an Idaho-based behavioral specialist who works in an autism unit with students in kindergarten through sixth grade. A couple of weeks ago, she and her coworker — special education teacher Dayna Robertson — found an experiment on the C.S. Mott Children's Hospital website. It used bread to show children how many germs are on their hands. ""We really wanted the kids to understand why we're constantly telling them to wash their hands,"" Jaralee told BuzzFeed. For the experiment, they placed five different slices of bread in separate baggies. One bread slice was put in the baggie untouched, one was touched by kids with dirty hands, one was touched by kids who washed with soap and water, and one was touched by kids who used hand sanitizer. The last slice of bread was rubbed on the classroom Chromebooks. Mold started forming on some of the slices after a few days. Jaralee said that, while it is gross, it was important to share. ""I have an 8-month-old who has gotten sick so much since winter started. Plus, my husband and I are always getting sick too. It comes with the job to a certain extent, but hand-washing is so important in order to stay healthy. I just wanted to send out a friendly reminder to my friends to wash their hands,"" she explained. She posted the experiment on Facebook and it now has over 60,000 shares. Here is the mold that formed from the Chromebooks: Here is the untouched slice: Here is the mold that formed from dirty hands: Here is the bread that was touched by washed hands: And here is what happened to the slice that was touched by kids who used hand sanitizer: Jaralee also said it's important for parents to keep their sick kids at home. ""Nothing is more frustrating than working with an obviously sick kid all day long and then potentially bringing that illness home with me. Hand-washing can only go so far,"" she said. And as for the students? Jaralee said they have ",health
"The Democratic presidential candidates have split into an anti-war camp, led by Sen. Bernie Sanders, and a set of more nuanced responses to the killing of a key Iranian official, a rare and sharp contrast inside the party that begins to choose its nominee in a month. All the leading Democrats, in varying degrees, criticized President Donald Trump for the potential his drone strike has to destabilize the Middle East. But while Sen. Elizabeth Warren made the point of calling Qassem Soleimani a “murderer,” former mayor Mike Bloomberg called him ""a murderer with the blood of Americans on his hands,” and former vice president Joe Biden began his statement denouncing Soleimani’s “crimes against American troops and thousands of innocents,” Sanders took a different tone, one drawn from a wing of the party that has opposed American wars since Vietnam. “Trump's dangerous escalation brings us closer to another disastrous war in the Middle East that could cost countless lives and trillions more dollars,” Sanders said in a statement, after noting his opposition to the Iraq war and without mentioning Soleimani by name. “Trump promised to end endless wars, but this action puts us on the path to another one.” The campaign’s press statement referred to the attack as an “assassination.” In tweets on Friday morning, Warren also said Trump ""assassinated"" a senior Iranian official. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, who has cast herself as the party’s leading anti-war voice, spoke about the strike on Fox News' Fox & Friends on Friday morning, calling it ""very clearly an act of war by this president, without any kind of authorization or declaration of war from Congress, clearly violating the Constitution."" Andrew Yang, like Sanders, immediately denounced the attack and later said he would as president “restore the historical balance between Congress and the Executive branch concerning military action.” Most of the Democratic elected officials running for president took more cautious and traditional sta",politics
"The US Army has banned service members from using the Chinese-owned short-form video app TikTok on government-issued phones. The decision, first reported by Military.com, comes only weeks after the Navy announced a similar ban. ""It is considered a cyber threat,"" Lt. Col. Robin Ochoa, an Army spokesperson, told Military.com. ""We do not allow it on government phones."" US government scrutiny of the Chinese app has been building for months. In October, New York Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer and Arkansas Republican Sen. Tom Cotton called on the US intelligence community to assess TikTok's national security risks, while Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio accused TikTok of censoring content related to protests in Hong Kong. In November, the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism invited TikTok representatives to a hearing titled ""How Corporations and Big Tech Leave Our Data Exposed to Criminals, China, and Other Bad Actors."" The company declined to attend. Still, the platform was so popular within the US military that the Army was using the app as a recruitment tool as recently as November. ""There was a Cyber Awareness Message sent out on 16 December identifying TikTok as having potential security risks associated with its use,"" a spokesperson for the US Army told BuzzFeed News in a statement. ""The message directs appropriate action for employees to take in order to safeguard their personal information. The guidance is to be wary of applications you download, monitor your phones for unusual and unsolicited texts, and delete them immediately and uninstall TikTok to circumvent any exposure of personal information."" The Army cannot ban its personnel from using TikTok on their personal phones, Ochoa told Military.com, but leaders recommended that service members use caution if they received random or unfamiliar text messages. BuzzFeed News has reached out to TikTok for comment. TikTok, designed by Beijing-based tech company ByteDance, became the first Chinese-ow",tech
"SAN FRANCISCO — When vape pens began flooding classrooms, bewildered teachers didn’t know what to do about it. Bonnie Halpern-Felsher, a Stanford University pediatrics professor who had spent years researching how to get kids to stop smoking, did what came instinctively to her: She educated them. By 2018, she’d created a free online class for middle and high schoolers about the dangers of e-cigarettes. That year, she updated her course to explicitly call out one up-and-coming brand in particular: Juul. The biggest e-cigarette manufacturer in the country, Juul has been accused by public health advocates and regulators of creating a new generation addicted to nicotine at a time when youth smoking rates have been dropping to historic lows. So she was surprised to learn around that time that Juul, too, had an anti-vaping curriculum — and was offering thousands of dollars to schools to implement it. When she got ahold of what Juul wanted to teach, she was even more surprised: Many of its slides were copies of hers, down to the exact words and cartoon images of the brain. But Juul hadn’t asked to use them. And the rest of its slides, in her view, dangerously downplayed the addictive aspects of Juuling. The company’s presentation didn’t discuss how flavors attract children, for instance, or how the chemicals in flavors can be harmful, or that a Juul pod contains as much nicotine as a pack of cigarettes. Her slides without this context presented what the Stanford professor felt was a deliberately rosy picture of Juul’s health effects. In another misleading move, the materials Juul circulated said that the class was based on Stanford’s, giving some educators the false impression that the professor worked alongside the company to develop its anti-vaping curriculum. “That’s when I said, ‘This is not OK,’” Halpern-Felsher recalled. Juul, whose stated mission is to help adult smokers quit, has denied that it ever marketed to teens. But studies have reached the opposite conclusio",science
"There’s a scene in Greta Gerwig’s extraordinary new adaptation of Little Women that’s been shown almost in its entirety in various previews. Jo (Saoirse Ronan), the heroine of Louisa May Alcott’s 1868 novel about four sisters living in genteel poverty in Civil War–era Massachusetts, has recently come home from New York City, where she’d tried to make it as a writer. Her sister Meg (Emma Watson) is happily married, though to a man who can’t afford to buy her pretty things; another sister, Amy (Florence Pugh), is learning to paint in Paris while attempting to secure herself a rich husband. Beth (Eliza Scanlen) is the only March girl who’s managed to avoid getting swept up in marriage madness, by virtue of her weakened heart after a spell of scarlet fever. But according to Jo’s publisher, girls in stories must all end up either married or dead. And once Beth succumbs to her illness for good, shortly after Jo returns home, Jo — still alive, still unmarried — is utterly and profoundly lost. “Women, they have minds, and they have souls, as well as just hearts,” Jo tells her mother, Marmee (Laura Dern). “And they’ve got ambition, and they’ve got talent, as well as just beauty. I’m so sick of people saying that love is just all a woman is fit for. I’m so sick of it!” This was the bulk of Jo’s tear-streaked speech, which we’d all heard first in the trailer for the movie. But in the film itself, her monologue comes to a surprising conclusion. Jo, who’d always vowed to become a spinster and drawn power from her stubborn sense of independence, is now questioning all the choices she’s made. She believes that women are fit for much more than love, yes. “But,” she says, “I’m so lonely.” Greta Gerwig told Film Comment’s Devika Girish that most of Jo’s speech comes from another Alcott novel, Rose in Bloom, but that Gerwig wrote the loneliness line herself. It’s one of many changes the writer and director made when adapting her source material for the screen in 2019, and a particular",reader
"They look pretty luxe. For the record, her sisters did get vibrators in their Poosh boxes. Specifically, the Unity Vibe, by Sincerely, Sportsheets. Kylie's must have just slipped the mind of whoever packed it. No doubt Kylie's is now on the way. Christmas — or should we say Kristmas — came early for the Kardashians this year, thanks to Kourtney, who has been spreading holiday cheer to her family and inner circle with gift baskets. If you follow any of the family members or their friends on Instagram, you've likely seen one of Kourtney Kardashian's holiday gift sets from her lifestyle brand Poosh. One person, however, who was not satisfied with the gift basket is Kourtney's youngest sister, Kylie Jenner. When Kylie received her gift basket from Poosh, she was super happy — at first. ""Thank you so much Poosh and Kourtney for this box of dreams right now, I cannot wait to go through this, what have we got in here?,"" she said, while sharing the goods on Instagram Stories. Once she dug through all of the treats inside, though, she noticed one major thing was missing: ""Ummmm...did you not send me a vibrator?,"" Kylie demanded to know. ""Um, Kourtney I think you forgot to put a few things in here, so, I'm going to send this back and we're going to try this again,"" Kylie said. LOL, these two. It's almost like they should have a reality TV show. Oh, wait.",health
"“I tweeted a while ago that this is the simulation where we win — and that’s what it feels like now,” Andrew Yang told me between campaign stops in New Hampshire Thursday night. He was speaking — as he does in media interviews — with careful space between words, thinking about how they’ll look when they’re written down. Yang’s stunning fundraising figures Thursday — $16.5 million in the last three months of 2019 — are the latest of the boxes he’s checked to indicate that, yes, he’s a serious candidate for president of the United States. That’s not the only box: He regularly occupies the second tier of key polls, behind the four central candidates, Joe Biden, Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, and Pete Buttigieg, but ahead of any number of well-credentialed politicians, quirky microcelebrities, and well-funded randos — numbers that indicate support beyond the #YangGang faithful. Now he’s spending real money on television in Iowa. “I get asked all the time whether I expected to be here,” he said. “And the truth is that I did.” But Yang is also worth treating as more than a curiosity because he has a grip on the thing that actually wins presidential campaigns: a clear message about the future. “He’s talking about 21st-century challenges rather than reprising old battles,” David Axelrod, who shaped Obama’s 2008 campaign, told me. The substance of Yang’s campaign is shockingly easy to talk about. He wants to give everyone $1,000, and instead of preaching the inherent dignity of work, he looks to an automated future where there’s dignity in working less. He marches to his own policy drum and declined to sign on to all the primary’s progressive litmus tests, saying that while he agrees in “spirit” with Medicare for All, free college, and the Green New Deal, none would work out in practice. It’s the politics that have been harder to figure, and they’re the reason that experienced political reporters (like me) have tended to write him off. As in: Come on, how does he actually",politics
"TOKYO — It was before 10 a.m. on a gray summer Sunday, but already a small crowd had gathered outside Penguin Café at the end of a block in residential Tokyo. A woman named Kyoko, dressed in a white T-shirt and apron, unlocked the doors and motioned for everyone to come inside. Half a dozen or so people filed in, several with signature pink dog carriers slung over their shoulders. As more entered, the group clustered at the center of the café. Carefully, they unzipped the mesh panels of their carriers and removed the small white and silver dogs inside, setting them down on the wooden floor. One owner peeled back a yellow blanket over a baby carrier strapped to her chest where she held her dog, still asleep. Some of the owners fussed with the dogs’ outfits before putting them down — straightening a necktie or pulling up the elastic band on a pair of shorts. One owner had dressed their dog in a Hawaiian shirt, while another was wearing aviator goggles and had a strong resemblance to Snoopy. Several had tiny straw hats affixed between their ears. All the dogs were plastic, powered by facial recognition and artificial intelligence. The dogs, known as Aibos, are companion robots made by Sony — robots that don’t necessarily do much apart from providing company and comfort. Every Aibo — Japanese for “companion” — is manufactured identically, besides a choice between silver and white or a brown, black, and white version. They all have rounded snouts that include a camera for facial recognition capability, large, oval eyes to reveal their expressions, and a body that can turn on 22 different axis points to give them a range of motion. The owner decides the gender when they set them up, which determines the pitch of its bark and how it moves. They’re cute. They know when you’re smiling. And through machine learning and recognizing people with its camera, Aibos also shift their personality over time based on their interactions with people they spend time with. Soon, they becom",tech
"The Supreme Court of the Netherlands ruled Friday that the government must take urgent action on climate change to protect the fundamental rights of its people. This decision came in a landmark case begun by the Dutch environmental group Urgenda in 2013, the first in the world to test whether citizens could use human rights law to force their governments to slash greenhouse gas emissions. International human rights law obligates the Netherlands to reduce emissions, the court ruled, ""because of the risk of a dangerous climate change that can also seriously affect the residents of the Netherlands in their right to life and well-being."" ""Today, at a moment when people around the world are in need of real hope that governments will act with urgency to address the climate crisis, the Dutch Supreme Court has delivered a groundbreaking decision that confirms that individual governments must do their fair share to reduce greenhouse gas emissions,"" an Urgenda spokesperson said after the ruling. Rising sea levels are a serious threat to the Netherlands, one-quarter of which is on land that is already below sea level. Urgenda had already won its case in two lower courts, and today’s ruling upholds a 2018 order that the Netherlands must slash emissions by at least 25% compared to 1990 levels by the end of 2020 in order to protect “the life and family life of citizens.” The Supreme Court ruled today that the 2018 Court of Appeal decision is ""definitively upheld,"" and that the state has an obligation to ""protect the residents of the Netherlands form the serious risk of climate change."" The Netherlands has already been working to reduce emissions, including shutting one of its five coal power plants by the end of 2019, but getting to the 25% target next year could require drastic action. The Dutch government recently estimated it was only on track to reduce emissions by about 20% next year. The need for climate action has only grown more urgent since Urgenda first brought its case",science
"Before most people had had the chance to sit down and actually watch Noah Baumbach’s new movie Marriage Story on Netflix, a pivotal fight scene late in the film made the rounds on Twitter. Charlie (Adam Driver), a charismatic but demanding theater director, is having it out with his soon-to-be ex-wife Nicole (Scarlett Johansson). She wants to start over in her hometown of Los Angeles after a decadelong stint in New York as an actor in Charlie’s company, helping him make his dreams come true; the problem is that Charlie doesn’t want their son, Henry (Azhy Robertson) to live full-time with her across the country. After trying to deal with their separation amicably for most of the film, tensions boil over and both spouses end up screaming at each other. Part of the reason that the clip went viral — before evolving into an all-purpose meme — was that people felt the need to weigh in on whether Driver and Johansson’s acting is actually any good. (My take: They’re good! Him especially.) But the other, more significant reason this scene has whipped the internet into a frenzy is because Marriage Story’s release came at the close of another year — another decade — in which mainstream American culture has attempted to wrestle with the dilemma of (white, middle class) heterosexuality and the question of whether it might be an ultimately doomed project. All the jokes about Marriage Story painting a portrait of heterosexual implosion struck me as perfect examples of what Indiana Seresin, writing for the New Inquiry in October, called “heteropessimism,” which she defines as “performative disaffiliations with heterosexuality, usually expressed in the form of regret, embarrassment, or hopelessness about straight experience.” Heteropessimism “generally has a heavy focus on men as the root of the problem,” and its performances “are rarely accompanied by the actual abandonment of heterosexuality.” While some people do act — “choosing celibacy or the now largely outmoded option of poli",reader
"Note: DMK Skincare performed this service free of charge. You can learn more about the Sleep & Glow pillow on their website. They cost $159. I also discovered numerous celebrities get this treatment regularly, including Angela Bassett, Minnie Driver, and Bethenny Frankel. ""The enzyme therapy masque stimulates the mitochondria in your skin, stimulating the collagen factory to make sure that it's making the collagen properly. It's bringing oxygen directly from your lungs to your face to make sure that all the cells are living longer and doing what they're supposed to do. It also gives you lymphatic drainage to detoxify your skin,"" Laura said. Scientific meaning behind this: DMK Enzyme Treatments act on the blood vessels by causing them to become dilated, which allows a greater supply of oxygen rich blood to flow to the skin in order to nourish it. ""DMK's home prescriptive products have transdermal delivery, meaning they sit on the voids of your skin for up to eight hours and, as the cells in your skin need that nutrient, they go into the voids and they grab it. We only use ingredients that your skin recognizes. None of our products are going to just sit on top of you skin and plump it up and make it look shiny. Our ingredients actually penetrate the skin,"" said Laura. To find a DMK-certified clinic near you, visit their website. Greetings. I'm Krista and, just like you, every day I get a little bit older. I just recently started taking my skincare routine seriously and now that I'm seeing noticeable benefits from it, I've been looking into other ways to keep it looking ~youthful~. Like, sleeping on an ""anti-aging"" wrinkle pillow: And now, I've discovered a facial that is supposed to be like botox without the needles. The DMK Enzyme Facial is being called the Game of Thrones facial on Instagram because it makes you look like a White Walker from the show... ...I mean, I see the resemblance: I really wanted to know was how this facial was different from other ""anti-aging",health
"WASHINGTON — Two-hundred seven members of Congress asked the Supreme Court Thursday to consider overturning Roe v. Wade, the landmark decision that legalized abortion nationwide. The members filed an amicus brief with the court on behalf of the defendant in June Medical Services v. Gee, a case considering the legality of a 2014 Louisiana law that requires doctors performing abortions in the state to have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital. Opponents of the law say the requirement proves impossible in rural areas far from hospitals, and in cases where the nearest hospital is Catholic and won’t grant the privileges, and if it goes into effect, it will shut down every abortion clinic in Louisiana. In the brief, the members argue that the national right to an abortion is unworkable. It was signed by 39 Republican senators and 168 members of the House of Representatives — including two Democrats: Rep. Dan Lipinski of Illinois, and Collin Peterson of Minnesota. The Louisiana law is nearly identical to a Texas law the Supreme Court ruled against in the 2016 case Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt, declaring that it placed an “undue burden” on patients’ access to abortion and was therefore unconstitutional. That phrase has been used by the Supreme Court in past rulings like the 1992 case Planned Parenthood v. Casey to determine which laws violate Roe v. Wade. The members also argued in the brief that Casey should be overturned. Before the Supreme Court took up June Medical Services v. Gee, the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the Louisiana law did not violate the Constitution and should be allowed to go into effect. The Supreme Court then filed an emergency stay to prevent the law from taking effect until the high court makes its official ruling. The justices will hear arguments in the case this spring. “The Fifth Circuit’s struggle to ... determine what ‘burden’ on abortion access is ‘undue’ illustrates the unworkability of the ‘right to abortion’ found in R",politics
"On Nov. 13, US Ambassador to Ukraine Bill Taylor and diplomat George Kent appeared in front of a full gallery of press and observers, and an audience of millions, as the US House Intelligence Committee’s impeachment hearings captivated the country. Across the street, in a different hearing room, a former US soldier named Kristofer Goldsmith and his service dog, Frosting, sat in front of members of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. During his testimony, Goldsmith asked the committee members to raise their hands if they were aware of the 2015 story of an ISIS affiliate threatening military families. One hand went up. Then he asked how many knew that the threat actually came from Russian trolls pretending to be ISIS. No hands. “It’s important to note that the military families were not chosen at random,” Goldsmith said. “I want to emphasize this point — Russian hackers who were pretending to be ISIS sent terroristic threats to advocates and reporters who appear before, or report about, this committee. And in the flurry of news, it seems like hardly anyone knows that this event happened.” At that moment, Goldsmith was worried his testimony and the 200-page report he’d spent the last two years compiling could get lost in the news cycle, too. Goldsmith is the Vietnam Veterans of America’s chief investigator, a job the organization created for him after he showed an uncanny ability to sniff out online scams and fake accounts that exploit or target American veterans. In this role, he has had to deal with the apathy of decision-makers and the intransigence of social media companies. He’s also worked to overcome a lack of understanding among veterans about how their community is being targeted, and he’s done it all with little support. “I felt like I’ve been doing this alone for the last two and a half years,” Goldsmith said on the phone the day before his testimony. “I hope that the day after the hearing I don’t have that feeling anymore.” The November hearing, dubbe",tech
"Words matter. In the 2010s, we went from “climate change” to “climate crisis” to “climate emergency” as scientists and activists reframed their language to stress the urgency of the threat posed by global warming. Many fine words were spoken in 2015, as nations agreed at a summit in Paris to pursue efforts to limit warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius above preindustrial temperatures. “The countries of the world have made a historic choice,” UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told reporters on his return to New York. “They have unanimously decided to work as one to rise to the defining challenge of our times.” But action matters more than words. And in the 2010s, that was where it all fell apart. In June 2017, President Donald Trump announced that the US was backing out of the Paris deal. Deforestation in the Amazon, which will reduce its ability to pull carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, is on the rise after the 2018 election of Jair Bolsonaro as president of Brazil. Australia now has a fossil fuel–friendly prime minister who once brandished a lump of coal in Parliament, yelling “Don’t be scared!” China, already the largest emitter of greenhouse gases, is building coal-fired power plants at an alarming rate. According to the Climate Action Tracker, just two countries — Morocco and Gambia — are pursuing policies consistent with the Paris agreement’s 1.5-degree goal. These failures led to a decade in which we broke many major climate records again and again. To understand our chances of avoiding a catastrophic future, BuzzFeed News has teamed up with Climate Interactive, a nonprofit think tank that has developed tools to simulate how policies affect emissions and climate change. The charts that follow show how we failed to act in the past decade — and how important that makes drastic changes in the years ahead. Few experts believe the trajectory starting in 2030 is feasible. “The 1.5°C goal is on the brink of becoming impossible,” warned the UN Environment Program, in a rep",science
"Oyinkan Braithwaite’s debut novel is about a nurse who has found herself in a dangerous pattern of abetting her younger sister who can’t seem to stop killing men, and it’s a quick read. You can’t help flying through the pages, but Braithwaite also manages to juxtapose this high-stakes story with the mundanity of daily life and its universal disappointments. Read an excerpt here. Sugar Run follows 35-year-old Jodi McCarty, who is just released after 18 years in prison. She sets off to find someone from her past — someone she promised she’d rescue a long time ago — but along the way, she meets and falls in love with a single mother who’s running from her own demons, kids in tow. Together the mismatched group head toward the abandoned West Virginia farm that once belonged to Jodi’s grandmother, hoping maybe they can turn it into a home. Check out an excerpt here. Sisters Grace, Sky, and Lia have grown up isolated on remote land, living under the severe rule of their mother and father — the latter called King. King has taught his daughters that men are literally toxic, and that their isolation is necessary for their survival. But months after King’s mysterious death, a violent storm washes three strange men ashore — the first men other than King that they’ve ever met — and the women must figure out how to survive. Read an excerpt here. Bowlaway revolves around the eccentric Bertha Truitt and the New England bowling alley she owns. It’s a Dickensian saga spanning the 20th century, it’s full of whimsy (Bertha opens the bowling alley after being found unconscious in a cemetery with nothing on her but a bowling ball, a candlepin, and 15 pounds of gold), and it’s a heartfelt portrait of human relationships and entanglements. Read the first chapter here. This sprawling, fantastical novel takes place during the reign of the last sultan of Muslim Iberia, focusing on a concubine named Fatima and her best friend Hassan. The two have a dangerous secret — Hassan, the palace mapmake",reader
,health
"Julián Castro announced Thursday he is dropping out of the Democratic presidential race. In a video recapping his campaign, Castro thanked his supporters and said that ""it simply isn't our time."" ""With only a month until the Iowa caucuses, and given the circumstances of this campaign season, I've determined that it simply isn't our time. So today it is with a heavy heart and profound gratitude that I will suspend my campaign for president,"" he says in the video. Castro, who served as Housing secretary during the Obama administration, has struggled to raise money or build support. ""My presidential campaign is in dire need of financial resources to keep going,"" he said in an October email to supporters. In the third quarter, Castro's campaign raised less than it spent — $3,495,406 to $3,960,971. He ended September with just $672,333 on hand, below candidates who have not appeared in the last several primary debates. His campaign announced in October that if he did not raise $800,000 by the end of the month, he would end his bid. He ultimately met that threshold and stayed in the race through the end of the year. Castro was the only Latino candidate in what was once a sprawling Democratic primary field. He was openly concerned during his campaign that some voters would discount him over concerns about ""electability."" “The worst thing we can do is to make assumptions or use some cookie-cutter formula about who ought to be the nominee of the party,” he told BuzzFeed News in May. When Sen. Kamala Harris ended her presidential campaign last month, Castro put some of the blame on the media. “To me, they held her to a different standard, a double standard, to other campaigns. And I don’t know if it impacted her decision to withdraw from the race or not, but I’m sure it didn’t help,” he told BuzzFeed News. Castro in the December interview also expressed frustration with the Democratic National Committee's thresholds to qualify for the primary debates, after he missed the fina",politics
"This decade saw the rise of subscription services, Kickstarter-backed gadgets, and radical new ideas that aimed to disrupt every industry on the planet. Risky ventures were commonplace: Building a product from scratch, designing a new business model, and raising money based on faith in some prospective growth or feature were standard issue — and, under that framework, both tiny startups and tech titans that became victims of their own ambition. The 2010s saw many tech flops. But what sets these failures apart is that they taught us something about how adept tech companies (and purported “tech companies”) had become at marketing themselves based on an optimistic future — and how much consumers and investors wanted to believe that the promised innovation was real. Here are the defeated ventures that defined the decade. MoviePass seemed too good to be true because it was too good to be true. Subscribers could watch an IRL movie a day for a month, all for just $9.95, less than the cost of a single ticket. Millions signed up. But the business model didn’t make any sense: MoviePass was forking over the full price to theaters, while its moviegoers were paying just a fraction. The deal didn’t last. In 2018, MoviePass said it was hemorrhaging tens of millions of dollars every month in an SEC filing. Plus, theaters, envious of the MoviePass’s success, created their own copycat versions and tacked on extra perks, like popcorn discounts. In September 2019, the service shut down, but not before a massive data breach of customers’ credit card information. MoviePass, like many other VC-funded startups that focused more on growth than profits, dangled irresistible, subsidized prices in front of consumers. Eventually, someone had to pay full price. When it first launched in 2014, the internet-connected stationary bike company promised to bring the same community and focus of cult cycling classes like SoulCycle into people’s homes. The original bike cost $1,995, plus a monthly $40 su",tech
"WASHINGTON — The legal age in the US to smoke will rise to 21 next year, according to a new law passed by Congress on Thursday. The age increase will cover cigarettes, e-cigarettes, and all other tobacco products. President Donald Trump voiced support for the change in November and is expected to sign the bill in the coming days, part of a larger spending bill that will prevent a federal government shutdown. The nationwide increase in the legal smoking age, now 18 but already higher in almost half of all states, has long been a goal of anti-smoking advocates and has bipartisan support. While cigarette smoking has declined among high school seniors — only around 3.6% smoke daily — the use of e-cigarettes has nearly doubled from last year, with 20.9% reporting such use in the last month. That increase, along with a nationwide outbreak of unrelated but deadly lung injuries among people buying illicit vaping products, largely THC liquids, has spurred the legal age increase. Some tobacco firms have even supported the move, as does the American Vaping Association. American Lung Association President Harold Wimmer hailed the age increase in a statement on the measure, but added, ""ultimately, more must be done by both Congress and the Trump Administration if our nation is to halt the youth e-cigarette epidemic."" The spending bill passed in the House of Representatives on Tuesday and then the Senate on Thursday. The age increase should take effect nationwide in about nine months, after the bill is signed.",science
"The Care and Feeding of Ravenously Hungry Girls by Anissa GrayDesign: Emily OsborneArt: Alice Lindstrom We Cast a Shadow by Maurice Carlos RuffinDesign: Rodrigo Corral Gingerbread by Helen OyeyemiDesign: Helen Yentus The Bird King by G. Willow WilsonDesign: Helen Crawford-White The Old Drift by Namwali SerpellDesign: Kai and Sunny Life Support: 100 Poems to Reach for on Dark Nights edited by Julia CopusDesign: Helen Crawford-White The Collected Schizophrenias by Esmé Weijun WangDesign: Kimberly Glyder The Crying Book by Heather ChristieDesign: Nicole Caputo The Water Dancer by Ta-Nehisi CoatesArt: Calida Garcia RawlesDesign: Greg Mollica In the Dream House by Carmen Maria MachadoArt: Alex Eckman-LawnDesign: Kimberly Glyder Kaddish.com by Nathan EnglanderDesign: Tyler Comrie Late Migrations: A Natural History of Love and Loss by Margaret RenklArt: Billy RenklDesign: Mary Austin Speaker The Topeka School by Ben LernerDesign: Rodrigo Corral The Summer of Dead Birds by Ali LiebegottArt: Ali LiebegottDesign: Suki Boynton Very Nice by Marcy DermanskyArt: Justin MetzDesign: Janet Hansen The Tradition by Jericho BrownArt: L. Ralphi Burgess (""You’re in the Middle of the World"") Disappearing Earth by Julia PhillipsDesign: Janet Hansen The Book of X by Sarah Rose EtterArt: Paw Grabowski The Body in Question by Jill CimentArt: Cody ComrieDesign: Janet Hansen Picnic Comma Lightning: The Experience of Reality in the Twenty-First Century by Laurence ScottDesign: Matt Dorfman Speaking of Summer by Kalisha BuckhanonDesign: Jaya Miceli The Mutations by Jorge ComensalDesign: Rodrigo Corral Black Leopard, Red Wolf by Marlon JamesArt: Pablo Gerardo CamachoDesign: Helen Yentus Tears of the Trufflepig by Fernando A. FloresDesign: Na Kim How to Make Friends With the Dark by Kathleen GlasgowArt: Anders RokkumDesign: Jennifer Heuer Magic for Liars by Sarah GaileyDesign: Will Staehle The Travelers by Regina PorterDesign: Michael Morris Patsy by Nicole Dennis-BennLettering: Sarahmay WilkinsonD",reader
,health
"On Nov. 13, US Ambassador to Ukraine Bill Taylor and diplomat George Kent appeared in front of a full gallery of press and observers, and an audience of millions, as the US House Intelligence Committee’s impeachment hearings captivated the country. Across the street, in a different hearing room, a former US soldier named Kristofer Goldsmith and his service dog, Frosting, sat in front of members of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. During his testimony, Goldsmith asked the committee members to raise their hands if they were aware of the 2015 story of an ISIS affiliate threatening military families. One hand went up. Then he asked how many knew that the threat actually came from Russian trolls pretending to be ISIS. No hands. “It’s important to note that the military families were not chosen at random,” Goldsmith said. “I want to emphasize this point — Russian hackers who were pretending to be ISIS sent terroristic threats to advocates and reporters who appear before, or report about, this committee. And in the flurry of news, it seems like hardly anyone knows that this event happened.” At that moment, Goldsmith was worried his testimony and the 200-page report he’d spent the last two years compiling could get lost in the news cycle, too. Goldsmith is the Vietnam Veterans of America’s chief investigator, a job the organization created for him after he showed an uncanny ability to sniff out online scams and fake accounts that exploit or target American veterans. In this role, he has had to deal with the apathy of decision-makers and the intransigence of social media companies. He’s also worked to overcome a lack of understanding among veterans about how their community is being targeted, and he’s done it all with little support. “I felt like I’ve been doing this alone for the last two and a half years,” Goldsmith said on the phone the day before his testimony. “I hope that the day after the hearing I don’t have that feeling anymore.” The November hearing, dubbe",politics
"Quick: Can you think of a picture of yourself on the internet from before 2010, other than your old Facebook photos? How about something you’ve written? Maybe some old sent emails in Gmail or old Gchats? But what about anything NOT on Facebook or Google? Most likely, you have some photos that are lost somewhere, some old posts to a message board or something you wrote on a friend’s wall, some bits of yourself that you put out there on the internet during the previous decade that is simply gone forever. The internet of the 2010s will be defined by social media’s role in the 2016 election, the rise of extremism, and the fallout from privacy scandals like Cambridge Analytica. But there’s another, more minor theme to the decade: the gradual dismantling and dissolution of an older internet culture. This purge comes in two forms: sites or services shutting down or transforming their business models. Despite the constant flurries of social startups (Vine! Snapchat! TikTok! Ello! Meerkat! Peach! Path! Yo!), when the dust was blown off the chisel, the 2010s revealed that the content you made — your photos, your writing, your texts, emails, and DMs — is almost exclusively in the hands of the biggest tech companies: Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Amazon, or Apple. The rest? Who knows? I hate to tell you, but there’s a good chance it’s gone forever. Here’s some of what we lost during the 2010s: Friendster Were you on Friendster? Maybe not, but I was. In fact, my weirdest claim to internet fame is that I was Friendster user number 227 (one of the founders was a friend of a friend so I was invited early in 2002). Although the social network fell out of favor pretty quickly, it wasn’t until 2011 that it finally transformed completely into a gaming company, wiping out all vestiges of its old user profiles. Myspace Myspace suffered a longer, more painful death. By 2013, it became completely music-focused, although you could still log in to your old account, and your photos and data we",tech
"SAN FRANCISCO — Internal Juul documents, obtained by BuzzFeed News, call into question claims made by a former Juul executive who sued the e-cigarette giant in October for allegedly covering up a shipment of 1 million “contaminated” nicotine pods. The explosive lawsuit has drawn widespread attention in the midst of a nationwide lung-injury outbreak linked to vaping products containing tainted THC, and as e-cigarette companies like Juul are increasingly scrutinized for their aggressive marketing toward teens. According to the confidential report, a batch of the e-liquids showed a visual defect where the chemicals did not mix together properly, causing the appearance of “separation.” A series of tests, run by an external lab hired by Juul, determined that this issue was not a “hazard” and posed “no increased health risks to customers.” The report states that there were “no serious injuries reported” related to the shipment in question, as well as no “violation of any applicable regulatory or statutory law.” Based on the results, the company concluded it would not need to issue a recall. The 11-page report, signed by multiple top Juul executives overseeing quality, regulatory, safety, and medical matters, includes a table of test results, dated in March, and a summary page dated in August. According to a source familiar with the document, those executives did not officially approve the report until months after the tests were done, on Oct. 22 — just one week before the lawsuit was filed in US District Court for the Northern District of California. A Juul spokesperson declined to comment on the document or the date it was signed, but issued a statement that confirmed its findings. The report disputes the highly publicized legal claims made by Siddharth Breja, a former senior vice president of global finance at Juul. As first reported by BuzzFeed News, Breja alleged that he was fired this spring after he internally raised concerns about “contamination” — whose nature he ",science
"Back in the winter of 2011, I was sitting in my tiny apartment in Austin, Texas, finishing my dissertation on the history of celebrity gossip. Starting all the way back at the beginning of what we now know as Hollywood, I traced the evolution of how stars were created, packaged, sold, and consumed, from Mary Pickford through Britney Spears. But writing a dissertation is dull, solitary, deeply unglamorous work, and when a producer emailed me to ask if I’d be in a documentary about “the business of celebrity,” I jumped at the chance. They flew me to New York, filmed me at Sarah Lawrence to give me the “aura” of an academic, and asked me questions about the past and present of celebrity. If you’ve never been part of a documentary, you likely don’t realize just how many times the “talking heads” get asked a question before landing on an answer the producer likes. “Can you answer that again, but much more condensed?” “Can you say the same thing, but with one word?” I was deep in academia at the time, where answering with one word, about anything, felt like blasphemy. But they kept asking me leading questions about the effect of Perez Hilton, and the paparazzi, and TMZ: “How have they made life hell for celebrities?” “Can you talk about how they’ve ruined celebrity?” My responses weren’t just too long, they were too unemotional. I viewed the rise of the digital paparazzi, and the gossip blogs built alongside them, in less moralizing terms. This was simply the latest pendulum swing in a century of oscillations in celebrity power. At the end of the 2000s, celebrities had found themselves largely beholden to the seemingly ever-growing swarms of paparazzi, forced to remain vigilant about how and when they appeared in public, terrified that a snippet of unflattering, unbecoming, or straight-up scandalous footage would make its way to TMZ. Which is why the producers of the documentary kept asking me the same questions. They wanted something closer to the thesis of their film: t",reader
"I’m pretty sure you know what happens after one finishes a temporary, intense diet and workout regimen: INDULGING. I ate whatever junk foods I craved, and while I kept going to the gym, my workouts weren’t nearly as intense because it wasn’t like I had a professional trainer present or “before photos” keeping me motivated. When that ended, I went back to my carefree diet. I ate fast food, I tried to conquer The Rock’s cheat meal, the holidays came, I inhaled festive baked goods, and although I still went to the gym a bunch, I still packed some weight on. One night I ate so many Skittles and pieces of chocolate that I legitimately woke up feeling like I was hungover. Headache, nausea, regret, etc. I decided I wanted to figure out a way to diet and work out in a manner that wasn’t so strict and was actually sustainable — not just for a month or two, but for the foreseeable future. Turns out they have a name for that — it’s called a ""lifestyle change"" or something. At the end of those past celebrity diet and fitness regimens, I felt more lean than I’d like to. I know that at my most comfortable weight I have some definition, but I shouldn't be restricting myself from indulging here and there for some abs.  So, Patrick and I decided I’d try a lean bulk. This process begins with eating a lot and lifting heavy to build mass over a period of time. Then, you lower caloric intake and lifting lighter weights at higher reps (at a faster pace) to burn off weight. Ideally, this strategy would help me find my happy medium. Patrick had me aim for high-protein meals that included green vegetables and limited carbs. He didn’t want me to restrict myself solely to eating clean because 1) it’s sort of miserable to me; and 2) I’d immediately go back to eating tons of innutritious things the instant this phase of the diet ended. Remember in Avengers: Endgame when Thanos watched in horror as all the Avengers spilled out of portals? That's me every single day looking at Hot Cheetos, Dorito",health
"On Friday, a few minutes before midnight in Washington, DC, President Donald Trump retweeted a message to his 68 million followers that named the alleged whistleblower. It was an escalation from the president, who has until this week refrained from publicly disclosing the name of a CIA officer that has been floated by conservative news outlets and pro-Trump commentators as the person who filed the whistleblower report. On Saturday morning, some users reported they could no longer see the retweet on Trump's Twitter timeline and believed that he may have undone the action. Others could still see the retweet. A Twitter spokesperson told BuzzFeed News that Trump never deleted or undid the retweet and that the issue was caused by an unspecified system outage that led certain tweets to be visible to some accounts but not others. The White House did not return a request for comment. The retweet comes after several months of increasing pressure from the president and his supporters to take action against the whistleblower who raised concerns about Trump's July 25 phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. A complaint, filed by the anonymous whistleblower in August, touched off the investigation and eventual impeachment process against Trump. Trump has repeatedly used his Twitter account to call for the whistleblower to testify before Congress or to be investigated. Numerous Trump allies, including Donald Trump Jr., have previously named the alleged whistleblower. However, Trump himself has refrained from naming an individual. On Thursday, the president retweeted a Trump campaign account that had shared a link with the alleged whistleblower’s name in the URL. Then, on Friday, he retweeted a message that included the name from an account with the handle @Surfermom77, which describes itself as a “100%Trump Supporter.” It was the second to last message he shared over a three-hour period in which he tweeted or retweeted more than 40 messages. BuzzFeed News does not ",politics
"On Friday, a few minutes before midnight in Washington, DC, President Donald Trump retweeted a message to his 68 million followers that named the alleged whistleblower. It was an escalation from the president, who has until this week refrained from publicly disclosing the name of a CIA officer that has been floated by conservative news outlets and pro-Trump commentators as the person who filed the whistleblower report. On Saturday morning, some users reported they could no longer see the retweet on Trump's Twitter timeline and believed that he may have undone the action. Others could still see the retweet. A Twitter spokesperson told BuzzFeed News that Trump never deleted or undid the retweet and that the issue was caused by an unspecified system outage that led certain tweets to be visible to some accounts but not others. The White House did not return a request for comment. The retweet comes after several months of increasing pressure from the president and his supporters to take action against the whistleblower who raised concerns about Trump's July 25 phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. A complaint, filed by the anonymous whistleblower in August, touched off the investigation and eventual impeachment process against Trump. Trump has repeatedly used his Twitter account to call for the whistleblower to testify before Congress or to be investigated. Numerous Trump allies, including Donald Trump Jr., have previously named the alleged whistleblower. However, Trump himself has refrained from naming an individual. On Thursday, the president retweeted a Trump campaign account that had shared a link with the alleged whistleblower’s name in the URL. Then, on Friday, he retweeted a message that included the name from an account with the handle @Surfermom77, which describes itself as a “100%Trump Supporter.” It was the second to last message he shared over a three-hour period in which he tweeted or retweeted more than 40 messages. BuzzFeed News does not ",tech
"NASA's proposal to land astronauts on the moon by 2024 faces a 58% funding shortfall in the federal spending bill passed in the House of Representatives on Tuesday, kneecapping space agency plans for a sprint back to the lunar surface. As part of NASA's larger $22.6 billion budget, lawmakers cut the $1.4 billion the space agency had requested to build a lunar lander down to $600 million. The shortfall complicates plans to land NASA astronauts on the lunar surface by 2024, an idea first proposed by Vice President Mike Pence in March. The NASA budget includes almost exactly the same amount of money as the administration requested, noted Space Policy Online, ""but with different priorities than the Trump Administration. Landing astronauts on the Moon by 2024 does not seem to be one of them."" In congressional testimony this summer, NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine said not receiving funding for a lunar lander would be devastating to the moon landing mission called Artemis, which would land the first woman astronaut on the moon. ""It's not dead, but it is in critical condition,"" space policy expert John Logsdon of George Washington University told BuzzFeed News. ""You can't land on the moon without a lander."" In May, President Trump had tweeted support for Artemis, estimated to cost from $20 billion to $30 billion. But he also undercut that message in a June tweet saying NASA ""should NOT be talking about going to the Moon - We did that 50 years ago."" According to the budget, which still awaits expected passage by the US Senate and a signature from Trump, only 40% of the approved money for a lunar landing and orbiting lunar station could be spent by NASA until it submits a detailed budget for Artemis to Congress in February. Bridenstine promised to provide such details in testimony to Congress in October. At that hearing, NASA spending committee chair Rep. José Serrano of New York expressed little interest in funding a moon landing driven by political election cycles inste",science
"Look, Cats is already being ravaged by reviewers. I don’t necessarily need to pile on. But after attending a screening last night, where at one point a man said to his girlfriend, “If we can survive this, we can survive anything,” I emerged from the theater with a few questions: Why are these cats so fucking small? The proportions of these creatures make no sense. They appear to be only as tall as maybe half a tombstone, they’re too short to reach a chair, and their wrists are apparently small enough to fit inside a ring. If the cats are the size of a small loaf of bread, then does that mean that the mice are the size of a human finger? Why are the cockroaches so sexy? When Taylor Swift’s character pours a martini shaker full of catnip onto the other cats, is it a human-sized martini shaker or is it a cat-sized martini shaker? What company is making martini shakers for cats? Why are all the businesses in the movie — which appear to be built for humans with human-sized bodies — marketed only to cat consumers, like the milk bar with cream on tap? When the railway cat (What? WHAT??) is wearing pants, does that mean the other cats are naked? If Rebel Wilson’s character is able to unzip her fur to reveal more fur underneath and her cat tits, does that mean the fur is all just clothing? Why does Dame Judi Dench still have her rings on in the movie? Why do some of the cats have boobs and the other ones do not have boobs? How did they decide who got to have boobs? The cats appear to have some kind of hybrid people–kitty hand situation. Do the cats have thumbs? Thumbs on a cat would mean they would truly surpass us as superior creatures. Just tell me if I need to worry. Why do some of the cats have gel manicures? Where did the cats get their gel manicures? Is there a cat gel manicurist somewhere? How do they pay for their gel manicures? Did no one consider whether or not the cats have genitals? They all appear to be sexless, which is fine, except that there are multiple gags",reader
"When Javed Badyari was 19 years old, the prime minister at the time, Kevin Rudd, announced that no asylum-seeker who tried to reach Australia by boat would ever be allowed to settle in the country. In the years since then, Badyari, now 26, has studied medicine, moved from Sydney down to the seaside city of Wollongong, started work as a doctor, and become engaged to medical student Hannah Clements. While Badyari was finding his feet as a young adult, hundreds of people spent the same six years in a state of permanent uncertainty, held in detention camps on small Pacific islands. The conservative government that unseated Rudd in 2013 built on his hardline policy, leaving hundreds of asylum-seekers in indefinite detention on Papua New Guinea’s Manus Island and the tiny nation of Nauru. Hundreds remain there today, unsure what their future holds and increasingly suffering ill health. In July, Badyari decided he was sick of just going to rallies and arguing about Australia’s refugee policies with his friends. He wanted to take action. And so the Indefinite Sleepout to End Indefinite Detention was born. It’s a simple idea: The group will sleep out every night until Australia brings an end to indefinite detention, Badyari told BuzzFeed News, as he and seven others set up in Wollongong's Crown Street Mall for the 119th time. At first the group consisted of just Badyari and friends. But, he’s keen to emphasise, everyone is welcome. One night, local social worker Rahima Sarmed walked past the group. Seeing the sign, she told Badyari, “I’m going to see you tomorrow night”. “I didn’t expect to ever see her again but she was there with a sleeping bag the next night, and she’s been there ever since,” he recalls. After arriving and setting up at about 9pm, the group sleeps on artificial grass in swags and sleeping bags. The local council is supportive of the protest and has granted them a permit. Most of the protesters use earplugs, and if someone needs to go to the bathroom in th",health
"Facebook told BuzzFeed News in November that it would be removing content that featured the name of the CIA officer and former National Security Council staffer whom prominent Republicans have claimed for months is the whistleblower whose anonymous complaint sparked the president’s impeachment. Except the name is still all over the platform. The CIA analyst's name is regularly shared to Facebook in headlines and URLs written by pro-Trump media outlets. A Facebook spokesperson reiterated on Thursday that any mention of the name of the person believed to be the whistleblower violates its coordinating harm policy, which prohibits the “outing of [a] witness, informant, or activist.” The spokesperson said that even including the name in a URL shared in a post violates the site’s policies. But content featuring the name of the CIA analyst continues to go viral on the platform. When asked how Facebook planned to moderate the thousands of links containing the whistleblower’s name posted to the platform, the spokesperson said they would be removed as the site identified them. But there doesn’t seem to be any moderation of URLs containing the CIA analyst’s name. Making matters worse, if a user were to search the name circulating in right-wing media currently, Facebook’s search feature pulls up posts that include URLs that include the supposed whistleblower’s name. According to social metrics website, BuzzSumo, the four most-shared public Facebook posts containing the supposed whistleblower’s name — usually in the URL or headline of a third-party link — were all published by American conservative activist group Judicial Watch. Their posts have been shared a collective 25,000 times since November. Unlike other outlets, which have not been able to verify the identity of the whistleblower and have refrained from speculating about the person's identify, right-wing news site the Washington Examiner has frequently published the name of a CIA analyst claimed by some to be the whistle",politics
"Facebook told BuzzFeed News in November that it would be removing content that featured the name of the CIA officer and former National Security Council staffer whom prominent Republicans have claimed for months is the whistleblower whose anonymous complaint sparked the president’s impeachment. Except the name is still all over the platform. The CIA analyst's name is regularly shared to Facebook in headlines and URLs written by pro-Trump media outlets. A Facebook spokesperson reiterated on Thursday that any mention of the name of the person believed to be the whistleblower violates its coordinating harm policy, which prohibits the “outing of [a] witness, informant, or activist.” The spokesperson said that even including the name in a URL shared in a post violates the site’s policies. But content featuring the name of the CIA analyst continues to go viral on the platform. When asked how Facebook planned to moderate the thousands of links containing the whistleblower’s name posted to the platform, the spokesperson said they would be removed as the site identified them. But there doesn’t seem to be any moderation of URLs containing the CIA analyst’s name. Making matters worse, if a user were to search the name circulating in right-wing media currently, Facebook’s search feature pulls up posts that include URLs that include the supposed whistleblower’s name. According to social metrics website, BuzzSumo, the four most-shared public Facebook posts containing the supposed whistleblower’s name — usually in the URL or headline of a third-party link — were all published by American conservative activist group Judicial Watch. Their posts have been shared a collective 25,000 times since November. Unlike other outlets, which have not been able to verify the identity of the whistleblower and have refrained from speculating about the person's identify, right-wing news site the Washington Examiner has frequently published the name of a CIA analyst claimed by some to be the whistle",tech
"The global climate talks ended in Madrid on Sunday after a grueling all-night negotiating session with officials punting the thorniest issues to next year; the most vulnerable countries clashed with the United States and other large polluters about halting climate pollution and paying for the crisis. It was a disappointing conclusion for many climate negotiators, coming at a time when disasters and rising seas are already wreaking havoc worldwide and experts agree time is running out for countries to stave off a warmer, worse future. “We are appalled and dismayed at the failure to come to a decision on critical issues, the scale of inaction, ineffective processes and some parties’ ... commitment to obstruction and regressive anti-science positions,” said the Alliance of Small Island States, which represents some countries that risk disappearing altogether as sea levels rise, in a closing statement. Nearly every country backed the Paris climate accord in 2015, agreeing to limit future warming to well below 2 degrees Celsius and ideally to 1.5 degrees. Since then, climate negotiators have struggled to figure out how exactly the accord will work when it takes effect in 2020. This year’s meeting, the 25th United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP25), was supposed to address some difficult questions to smooth the way for major talks next year in London to update the climate framework. Next year, nations are expected to come to the table with far more ambitious goals to reduce carbon emissions. “I am disappointed with the results of #COP25,” António Guterres, the UN secretary general, tweeted on Sunday. ""The international community lost an important opportunity to show increased ambition on mitigation, adaptation and finance to tackle the climate crisis. But we must not give up, and I will not give up.” Country officials failed for the second year in a row to agree on rules for international carbon markets, a way for countries to voluntarily cooperate on meeting their",science
"If you like your thrillers with a dash of horror, you’ll love Riley Sager’s latest novel Lock Every Door, which feels eerily similar to Rosemary’s Baby (emphasis on the eerie) but with a broke millennial twist. After losing her job, her boyfriend, and her apartment in the same week, Jules scores a too-good-to-be-true job as a highly paid apartment sitter in a historical Central Park West apartment complete with gargoyles…and a bizarre list of rules. She soon realizes that things aren’t quite as they seem when another apartment sitter disappears and she begins to investigate the building’s sordid history. Just like in Rosemary’s Baby, Jules has to decide who she can trust. Lock Every Door is suspenseful with twists you won’t see coming. A devastating fall that might not have been an accident, two separate paternity mysteries, an affluent West Coast seaside town — no, this isn’t Big Little Lies. But if you’re disappointed that there won’t be a Season 3, pick up The Night Olivia Fell by Christina McDonald. The plot centers around single mom Abi, who is awakened in the night by the news that her daughter has fallen off a bridge and is brain dead and pregnant. When the police rule the fall an accident, Abi begins a heartbreaking journey to find the truth for herself. You’ll want to read The Night Olivia Fell slowly as it’s equally a story about mothers, daughters, and the secrets they keep to protect each other. If there’s one book I wished was longer this year, it’s Girls Like Us by Cristina Alger. You’ll most likely recognize some of the ripped-from-the-headlines plot elements in the novel — including a reclusive financier known for his celebrity-studded parties with teenage girls, and a serial killer who’s been using Long Island beaches as a dumping ground — but that’s just part of what makes Girls Like Us so gripping. When FBI agent Nell Flynn’s estranged detective father dies unexpectedly in a motorcycle crash, she returns home to Suffolk County for the first time i",reader
"Sydney woman Elle — a pseudonym to protect her privacy — is in recovery for anorexia nervosa, but it took her years to talk to her doctor, friends or family about regularly chewing and spitting out food. ""It is like some people just interpret it as coward's bulimia, or pointlessly wasting food for no good reason,"" the 32-year-old told BuzzFeed News. ""There is such limited understanding about the true complexity and pain associated with it."" A large scale study published this week in Eating Disorders: The Journal of Treatment & Prevention found the prevalence of the disordered eating behaviour known as ""chew and spit"" was higher in adolescents than adults. The pathological chewing of food and spitting it out before swallowing has a prevalence of 0.4%, slightly below the range for eating disorders like bulimia or anorexia, which occur in about 1% to 2% of the adult population. But the longitudinal survey of 5,111 high school students found 12.2% reported at least one weekly chew-and-spit episode within the 28 days before they were surveyed. When Elle was a young child she developed a fear of throwing up after a bad case of gastroenteritis. By the time she was seven she had avoidant restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID), characterised by avoiding or only eating small amounts of certain foods. ""I’m a very sensory eater, so food smells, texture, colour, taste ... are very important and always have been,"" she said. Elle began chewing and spitting out around the same time she developed ""orthorexia"", a condition not formally recognised by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual but which involves an obsession with eating only ""pure"" or ""healthy"" food. ""When I became overly invested in exercise, clean eating and spending unlimited hours at the gym my body started crying out for food,"" she said. ""I got to the point where I couldn’t resist putting tempting foods in my mouth but once I began chewing it the guilt and anxiety became overwhelming, so I would chew it, taste it and",health
"WASHINGTON — In January 2019, newly elected progressives stormed into the halls of Congress, demanding that the Democratic Party move to the left on health care, economic and racial justice, and climate issues. Over the past year, they’ve earned some major victories: In July, nearly every member of the Democratic caucus voted with progressives to raise the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour nationwide. Earlier this month, they successfully pushed party leadership to abandon a plan to reduce drug prices in favor of a more liberal version. And a majority of House Democrats now support Medicare for All, a centerpiece for dozens of winning campaigns across the country in 2018, which Rep. Pramila Jayapal, who cochairs the Congressional Progressive Caucus, has declared a “new kind of centrism.” “[It is] the nature of being a Progressive Caucus member — you're maybe out there on issues first before it's hit the mainstream,” Rep. Mark Pocan, Jayapal’s cochair on the CPC, said in a recent interview with BuzzFeed News. “Progressives are just the first to the best ideas,” Jayapal added with a smile. But even with those wins, the caucus finds itself at a tipping point around a central question: Now that they have power, how do they wield it? It’s a question complicated by the caucus’s membership. At its inception in the early 1990s, the CPC was a “social group for members” with “similar ideological views,” as Pocan recently put it. Because of that, nearly 40% of Democrats in the House are members of the CPC and they run the spectrum from the expected — Reps. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Ilhan Omar — to more moderate lawmakers like Rep. Joe Kennedy. That expansive ideological diversity means that even while progressive leaders have pushed policy to the left, they can’t actually wield their numbers successfully. In September, the CPC became the first caucus to officially endorse an impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump, following months of calls from its most left-lean",politics
"Home surveillance company Ring and its parent company Amazon were hit with a lawsuit on Dec. 26 following a string of high-profile hacks that compromised its camera systems. The complaint, which was first reported by TMZ, alleges that the companies were negligent by not ensuring that the Wi-Fi-enabled cameras were “protected against cyber-attack.” Filed in the Central District of California, the complaint also says that the companies violated an “implied contract” laid out on the privacy page of Ring’s website, respecting customers’ rights to privacy and security. ""The ramifications of Defendant’s failure to properly secure their cameras and attendant access protocols may be felt for years to come,” the complaint says. Although a Ring customer could disconnect their cameras, “hackers have had access to information derived from those cameras for years, including but not limited to intimate details of household members, work schedules, and property contents.” ""As a result of the Defendants’ actions, Plaintiff and Class Members have been damages and can no longer trust the integrity of the Ring cameras or believe in security it claims to provide,"" the complaint says. Two law firms — based out of Los Angeles and Tampa, Florida — filed the complaint on behalf of John Baker Orange, a Jefferson County, Alabama, man who claims to be the victim of a Ring hack. The complaint said that a hacker spoke to Orange's children through the Ring camera while they were playing basketball and tried to coax them into getting closer to the Ring camera. The complaint includes a request that the lawsuit be certified as a nationwide class of Ring customers. “Ring does not comment on legal matters,” a Ring spokesperson told BuzzFeed News. BuzzFeed News’ reporting was cited in the complaint. The personal information of over 3,000 Ring log-in users were compromised last week, including emails, passwords, time zones, and the names given to specific Ring cameras. Using the information, an intrude",tech
"The hopes, dreams, and delusions that climate change is a future problem — possibly a preventable one — eroded this decade, replaced by the sobering reality that the crisis is already here and only getting worse. The evidence is a growing list of broken climate records, one that will likely increase in the years and decades to come. The 2010s will likely lock down the record for the hottest decade. The 10-year stretch also boasted a wave of historic disasters, from the all-time high temperatures recorded during a blistering heat wave in Europe to the largest US rainfall event in 70 years to many of the most expensive and destructive catastrophes across the globe. This is also the decade when the first mammal went extinct from climate change, coral reefs experienced unprecedented damage tied to warming ocean waters, sea levels rose and islands disappeared, climate pollution spewed into the atmosphere at historic levels, and so much more. Climate scientists, to their credit, have long been making dire projections about a warming planet and doing their best to warn everybody else. Recent studies have shown that even early scientific models from as far back as 1970 — which looked at the relationship between rising temperatures and growing levels of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere — largely got things right. With new data, better tools, increased scientific collaboration, and still-rising greenhouse gas emissions, more experts are now in agreement than ever: This is a human-made problem, catastrophic impacts are coming sooner than we thought, and time is running out to fix it. Even our language for talking about global warming has radically changed in the past 10 years, taking on more urgency. Politicians, scientists, and the media have increasingly followed the lead of activists, referring to climate change as a crisis, emergency, or breakdown. Oxford Dictionaries named “climate emergency” its 2019 word of the year. The mounting gloom and doom has also spurred action",science
"“How would you like me to describe you?” asked journalist Liam Bartlett in a 2007 60 Minutes Australia interview with Beyoncé, who at the time was only 25 years old. “A legend in the making,” she responded. It’s safe to say that by 2019, after dropping two critically acclaimed albums, a documentary and a film, winning 23 Grammys, and headlining Glastonbury and Coachella (the first black woman to do so), she’s undoubtedly made that happen. At the start of the decade, however, in 2010, Beyoncé was at a crossroads. She had always been a talented performer. Her solo music was upbeat and catchy; she had bona fide hits with “Irreplaceable” and “Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It),” both topping Billboard’s Hot 100; her dance moves sparked viral parodies; and her vocal performances were commendable. But in a world where a new class of pop stars were emerging — from the eccentric Lady Gaga, to the chameleonic Rihanna, to the hit-making machine Katy Perry, those traits were not enough for Beyoncé to stand out from her contemporaries in any significant way. (In fact, Beyoncé herself later admitted to Access Hollywood in 2011 that two previous solo albums, 2006’s B’Day and 2008’s I Am... Sasha Fierce, weren’t classics.) Her 2011 album 4 became the lowest-selling record of her career, and her first attempt at documentary filmmaking, 2013’s Life Is But a Dream, was criticized for being shallow and self-involved. So how did Beyoncé go from clearly talented, but merely mortal pop star, to the woman behind some of the decade’s most memorable, politically radical works of art, credibly claiming the mantle of King of Pop? Through determination, self-discipline, and a notable thwarting of pop music conventions. Bow down. In 2010, Beyoncé had just completed a successful world tour (grossing nearly $120 million worldwide) for her third solo album, 2008’s I Am... Sasha Fierce. That era presented the public with two Beyoncés: Beyoncé the entertainer and Beyoncé the person. One way of looking",reader
"Bartesian sent this cocktail-maker for free, but we were under no obligation to review it. (What I'm trying to say is, both machines are fairly large.) Note: Sadly, this did not come with booze — you have to provide your own. (My son LOVED the drink. Without the alcohol, I would say it did taste really good, like fresh juice with strong notes of pineapple.) The machine is $349.99 on Amazon, which is definitely not cheap. However, in doing some justifying in my head, I realized that a cocktail in Los Angeles costs between $12 and $18, not including tip. So if you had a $14 cocktail like this at a bar, after about 25 drinks, the machine would pay for itself. A six-pack of pods is $14.99, so after the first 25 drinks, each drink will roughly cost about $2.50, plus the cost of whatever alcohol you fill the vessels with. (I was never great at math, so my calculations may be wrong. Either way, I'm sure you'll let me know in the comments!) The other day I stumbled across something intriguingly beautiful. An instant cocktail-maker: Now, I'm a mom who enjoys a tasty cocktail here and there, but for obvious reasons (see below), I can't just leave the house to get one whenever I want to. So the idea of having a cocktail-maker available at my fingertips seemed...dangerous, yes...but also life changing! I turned to my husband, showed it to him, and said: When the Bartesian cocktail and margarita machine arrived, it resembled the Keurig that I already owned, which was a dilemma for me because I don't have a ton of counter space. But alcohol is almost as important as coffee, so I made room. To begin, just like with a Keurig, you first fill the back compartment with water. Next, you fill each carafe with the alcohol that corresponds to each bottle. I had some vodka at home, so that is what I went with. Once you fill the alcohol in each bottle, you place it in the correct slot on the machine. Bartesian features six drink pods to choose from: Whiskey Sour, Rum Breeze, Margarita, Cosm",health
"The last 10 years in politics have been abnormal, to say the least. And nowhere is that more apparent than on Twitter. Here are the absolutely bananas political tweets that made us laugh, cry, and/or throw our computers out the window over the last 10 years.  1. When Sean Spicer tried to start a fight: 2. When someone perfectly encapsulated the last several years: 3. When a photo of the former vice president gave us this incredible meme: 4. When the fake Rahm Emanuel Twitter account (RIP) pretty much summed up US politics: 5. When the year 2016 was summed up in a single tweet: 6. When Rep. Matt Gaetz threatened Michael Cohen while the former lawyer for Trump was testifying before Congress. (Gaetz later deleted the tweet and said he hadn't meant it as a threat.) 7. This tweet, which needs no explanation. (Though you can read Beto O'Rourke's response here.) 8. When Resistance Twitter conspiracy theorist Louise Mensch shared this ""news"" from ""sources"": 9. When Anthony Weiner tweeted out a photo of his dick and pretended he'd been hacked, giving us one of the most ridiculous hashtags of the decade: 10. When the late representative John Dingell learned about our most significant cultural icons: 11. When Sen. Ted Cruz challenged Jimmy Kimmel to the world's most embarrassing basketball game: 12. When Sen. Pat Leahy tweeted out a massive photo of his face: 13. When Olivia Wilde's mom, Leslie Cockburn, who was running for Congress in Virginia tweeted a screenshot of her opponent posting Bigfoot erotica on his Instagram. (He won, by the way.) 14. When pro-Trump conspiracy theorist Jacob Wohl related totally real conversations he overheard at ""hipster coffee shops"": 15. When Donald Trump Jr. tweeted out his emails setting up his Trump Tower meeting with Russians and this political commentator lost his mind: 16. When it was time for some game theory: 17. When Sen. Chuck Grassley totally killed a deer and was very calm about it: 18. When Melania Trump provided some deep thoughts",politics
"We live in a world where school cameras monitor children’s emotions, countries collect people’s DNA en masse, and no digital communication seems truly private. In response, we use encrypted chat apps on our phones, wear masks during protests to combat facial recognition technology, and try vainly to hide our most personal information from advertisers. Welcome to the new reality of mass surveillance. How did we get here? Wael Eskandar, an Egyptian journalist and technologist, remembers documenting his country’s revolution at Cairo’s Tahrir Square in 2011. It was known then, he remembers, that people’s phone calls were being monitored, and that workers like parking lot attendants and security guards were feeding information back to the police. But few suspected emails or posts on Twitter and Facebook would ever be monitored in the same way — at least not at scale. The revolution toppled the brutal regime of longtime dictator Hosni Mubarak, but by 2014 the country was under the sway of the equally repressive President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Now, Egyptians are being arrested for political posts they made on Facebook, and some have reported having their texts read back to them by police during detention. Demonstrations all but stopped. In 2019, rare protests did take place in Egypt over government corruption. Demonstrators avoided posting about them on social media, wary of ending up in detention, but ultimately it didn’t matter — dozens of people were rounded up anyway. “It’s like there’s no space left for us to speak anymore,” one woman who had participated in the demonstrations told me earlier this year. Egypt and dozens of other authoritarian states have increasingly employed mass surveillance technology over the past decade. Where human monitors once had to listen in to phone calls, now increasingly sophisticated voice recognition software can do that at scale, and algorithms scour social media messages for signs of dissent. Biometric surveillance systems like facial",tech
"""No, you are not crazy, lazy, or faking,"" the Pinterest post says. ""Just count..."" The link leads to a post on the website HypothyroidMom.com called ""300 hypothyroidism symptoms: count how many you have."" The post, which lists 307 symptoms, details nearly everything that could go wrong with the human body. Weight gain. Bloating. Dry skin. Pressure in ears. Athlete’s foot. Cold hands. Chest pain. High cholesterol. ADD/ADHD. Schizophrenia. With more than 1.1 million likes on Facebook, Hypothyroid Mom — which is run by Dana Trentini, a former talent development specialist at JPMorgan Chase and high school teacher, according to her LinkedIn — is one of the most prominent figures in a community that spans Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Etsy, and Amazon, made up of people who have either been diagnosed with hypothyroidism or believe they should be. (Trentini did not respond to multiple requests for comment.) What sets these patients apart from those who suffer from poorly understood diseases like chronic fatigue syndrome or chronic Lyme disease — which also have huge online communities around them — is that the standard medical treatments for hypothyroidism are typically highly effective. According to the American Thyroid Association, hypothyroidism — a condition in which the thyroid gland does not secrete enough hormones — can’t be cured, “but in almost every patient, hypothyroidism can be completely controlled.” Dr. Steven Hodak, an endocrinologist at NYU Langone, told BuzzFeed News that 85% to 90% of patients see their symptoms improve by taking one levothyroxine hormone pill (T4), while another 10% to 15% take a different hormone pill (T3). However, since hormones can affect nearly every major bodily function, one person’s symptoms could be almost anything. As a result, the flourishing communities of people who feel alienated by traditional medicine are willing to try alternative treatments. And online platforms provide a space not only to these communities, but also",science
"NEW DELHI, India — As a woman in my twenties who grew up in India — a country where abuse of women has been described as the biggest human rights violation on Earth — the SlutWalks of 2011 were, frankly, bewildering. Every day of our lives, women like me were taught to go over a mental checklist of ways to avoid getting raped. The list had become second nature, so deeply, seamlessly internalized that the doorbell only had to ring, and my mother and I, hanging out in our home, watching TV, or maybe making dinner, would first reach for a scarf to throw over our bodies before we answered the door. At my high school, where uniforms were mandatory, girls were asked to kneel on the ground, so the teachers could check if our skirts were long enough. If they didn’t touch the ground, they were too short, and a particularly terrifying teacher would rip open the hem of our skirts, those frayed edges marking us for the rest of the school day. There were a million ways to dress like a slut if you were a girl (there were no such codes for boys) — our white shirts could be “too transparent” if the cotton had worn thin from frequent washing or if we wore colored bras inside instead of white or “skin”-colored ones. When I was a 25-year-old reporter, I went to ask a group of young girls who lived in a slum in Govandi, Mumbai, what their checklist looked like. What did paranoia look like in a place where thin corrugated sheets of steel were all that stood between the girls and their neighbors, adult men, leering boys? Fourteen-year-old Nafisa told me she made sure she texted her friend Neelu before she left home. Neelu carried red chili powder with her everywhere she went in case she needed to throw it in the eyes of a potential attacker. Annu made sure her water bottle was always full so that she had something heavy to hit a potential molester with. Pinki had stopped wearing glass bangles once she turned 11 — because her mother told her that if someone grabbed her wrists, they would ",reader
"In a follow-up post, she explained further: ""Perineum sunning is an ancient Taoist practice that originated in the Far East. In Taoism, the perineum or Hui Yin is called the 'Gate of Life and Death.' This is a gateway where energy enters & exits the body."" I can only imagine what the #NakedInNature hashtag is like... In 2014, Shailene had this to say about the subject, which she told Into the Gloss: ""Another thing I like to do is give my vagina a little vitamin D. I was reading an article written by an herbalist I studied about yeast infections and other genital issues. She said there’s nothing better than vitamin D. If you’re feeling depleted, go in the sun for an hour and see how much energy you get. Or, if you live in a place that has heavy winters, when the sun finally comes out, spread your legs and get some sunshine."" Over the weekend, Josh Brolin uploaded an Instagram caption that will live on in infamy. It began, ""Tried this perineum sunning that I’ve been hearing about..."" If you're confused about the words you just read, let me try to explain. Last week, a post about ""perineum sunning"" from Instagram user @metaphysicalmegan went viral on Twitter. In it, Megan suggests that ""30 seconds of sunlight on your butthole is the equivalent of a full day of sunlight with your clothes on"" and that it's ""more energizing than a cup of coffee."" How interesting! She went on to list a bunch of other benefits she's noticed since partaking in the activity and then encouraged others to ""try it out and let me know your experience."" Well, I'm guessing that Josh Brolin had some extra free time this past holiday weekend, because he definitely did just that. He tried it out AND he let us know about his experience. It did not go well. Back to Josh's impeccable Instagram caption. It went like this: ""Tried this perineum sunning that I’ve been hearing about and my suggestion is DO NOT do it as long as I did."" ""My pucker hole is crazy burned and I was going to spend the day shopping w",health
"LAS VEGAS, Nevada — Maria des Angeles Palomo, 54, hadn’t been to a political rally in more than a decade. But on Sunday, she was at an entirely Spanish-language town hall in Las Vegas for Bernie Sanders’ presidential campaign, reconsidering a candidate she passed over for Hillary Clinton in 2016. “I liked going to the event and seeing the effort they made to speak in Spanish, to let the Hispanic community feel a part of the conversation,” she said after the event, in Spanish. “I hope to see Bernie doing more of this.” Palomo was at the town hall with her daughter, Genesis Palomo, 23, and her son Luis, 31, who convinced her to go — they were both excited to see the event headliner, Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, and are both Sanders supporters eager for their mom to have the chance to connect with their candidate's campaign in her first language. “My mom, she was for Hillary because that’s all she knew. Of course the media controls what they see on Univision and Telemundo,” Luis said, adding, “When I tell her about Bernie, she’s like, ‘Well, they don’t talk about it on Univision; they don’t talk about it on Telemundo.’” The entirely Spanish-language town hall, drawing 173 people to a small event space at the Parkdale Recreation and Senior Center in Las Vegas, was the first campaign event of its kind in a crowded Democratic primary with a historically diverse field of candidates vying for voters in Nevada, where the third voting day of the primary season will take place on Feb. 22. The campaign plans to hold more Spanish-language events going forward as part of their Latino outreach strategy, particularly as part of an effort to connect with mostly Spanish-speaking Latino voters who don’t normally have a chance to directly engage with campaigns in their first language. They also pointed to multilingual Loteria events they’ve held in Iowa, to draw both primarily English- and Spanish-speaking Latinos. “Bernie knows that he’s not going to be able get all of these things ",politics
" Last week, after the Indian government turned off access to the internet from mobile devices in state after state as furious protests erupted over an anti-Muslim citizenship law, I sent a WhatsApp message to a colleague in panic. “Is there any chance in hell that Delhi would lose internet?” For days, I had watched as authorities plunged districts across the country into digital darkness. On December 10, far-flung districts in the northeastern states of Arunachal Pradesh and Tripura went offline, followed a day later by parts of neighboring Assam. The authorities had shut off internet access to try to stymie protests against a law passed that week by India’s Hindu nationalist government, which made getting an Indian citizenship easier for immigrants who practice all major South Asian religions except Islam. People opposing the law say that it destroys India’s secular ethos. Internet shutdowns in India are not new. For years, local, state, and national authorities across the country have been turning off the internet at the first sign of trouble. Last year, they shut it down in the state of Rajasthan during exam season simply to prevent students from cheating. And Kashmir, whose legal autonomy the Indian government suddenly took away earlier this year, has been under digital siege since August, making it the longest internet shutdown ever in a democracy. Still, I thought, it couldn’t happen in the capital, could it? Delhi, after all, is home to not just me, but more than 20 million people, the Indian Parliament, national and international media, diplomats, and more. “No I don’t think so,” my colleague replied. On a freezing Thursday morning, days after our conversation, people across New Delhi started tweeting about dead networks. At first, there was confusion, then, shock and anger, as India’s largest mobile networks scrambled to explain: They were following a police department order that directed them to turn off voice, SMS, and internet services in dozens of Delhi",tech
"“Genetics just got personal.” So boasted the website of 23andMe in 2008, just after launching its DNA testing service. As we entered this decade, a small cohort of companies — 23andMe, its Silicon Valley neighbor Navigenics, and Icelandic competitor deCODE Genetics — were selling a future of personalized medicine: Patients would hold the keys to longer and healthier lives by understanding the risks written into their DNA and working with their doctors to reduce them. “We all carry this information, and if we bring it together and democratize it, we could really change health care,” 23andMe cofounder Anne Wojcicki told Time magazine when it dubbed the company’s DNA test 2008’s “invention of the year,” beating out Elon Musk’s Tesla Roadster. But in reality, the 2010s would be when genetics got social. As the decade comes to a close, few of us have discussed our genes with our doctors, but millions of us have uploaded our DNA profiles to online databases to fill in the details of our family trees, explore our ethnic roots, and find people who share overlapping sequences of DNA. It’s become like Facebook for genes, driven by the same fundamental human desire to connect. And, as with Mark Zuckerberg’s social media behemoth, this is the decade we reckoned with what it really means to hand over some of our most personal data in the process. It all panned out differently from the way I imagined in 2009, when I paid $985 to deCODE and $399 to 23andMe to put my DNA into the service of science journalism. (I spared my then-employer, New Scientist magazine, the $2,500 charge for the boutique service offered by Navigenics.) I was intrigued by the potential of DNA testing for personalized medicine, but from the beginning, I was also concerned about privacy. I imagined a future in which people could steal our medical secrets by testing the DNA we leave lying around on discarded tissues and coffee cups. In 2009, a colleague and I showed that all it took to “hack” my genome in this ",science
"“I’m so sick of running as fast as I can,” Taylor Swift sings in the chorus of “The Man,” a song from her latest album, Lover. She chose the up-tempo tune to open her “Artist of the Decade” medley at the AMAs last month, and it’s a return to familiar Swiftian themes; she claps back at unspecified, sexist critics who fail to acknowledge her “good ideas and power moves.” Whatever one might think of Swift’s underdog complex, it’s not surprising that the end of the 2010s finds her exhausted. Her transformation from tween country sensation to tabloid-friendly pop star to polarizing Twitter talking point and, finally, to celebrity supernova, required — at the very least — plenty of stamina. There’s no question that straight white femininity still occupies a privileged place in the cultural landscape, which helped pave the way for Swift’s rise and decade-long pop dominance — even as she became a zeitgeisty symbol of that privilege and a target for those seeking to contest it. Yet as many of her similarly situated peers have faltered, she has endured as one of the last pop behemoths of her kind. Time and again Swift strategically read and rode the decade’s cultural waves, deciding not just which trends and genres to jump on but, perhaps more importantly, what to pass on. As pop music became feud-centric reality television, there was Taylor; as stan culture transformed the way listeners interacted with performers (and each other), there was Taylor; as artists’ rights in the streaming era entered the conversation, there was Taylor; as politics infiltrated music, there was (sort of, eventually) Taylor. There are definitely plenty of other contenders for Artist of the Decade (a title both the AMAs and Billboard recently bestowed on Swift) — artists who have hugely impacted pop music over the past 10 years and managed to ride out the seismic, industry-wide shifts they’ve contained, from Beyoncé to Lady Gaga to Kanye West. But you don’t have to think Swift was the “best” or even ",reader
" ""I wake up happy, just because I can spend one more day here. Not asking for more or trying to run faster."" Over the past decade, Miroslava Duma has been a street style staple. But, the influencer, who has a following of 1.6 million and counting, is recalibrating her career in the wake of being diagnosed with a rare lung disease. Miroslava shared her diagnosis, revealing that she was initially given 7 months to live, in a recent post on Instagram. ""Earlier this year I was diagnosed with a rare lung disease, and given 7 months to live,"" she wrote. ""It was crazy scary then, but looking back, I realize that the past few months of recovery were possibly the happiest months of my entire life."" Afterwards, Miroslava ""stopped running the marathon."" ""I realized how much I love life, how beautiful our world is and how much I want to stay here,"" she added, ""with the people I love."" Her whole perspective shifted: ""For the first time in my life, I saw the bright blue of the skies,"" she shared. ""And the beautiful green of the trees. As if I had lived on a different planet before."" Miroslava also wrote about how social media has become a much smaller part of her life since. ""I now realize that these past months were also the most creative months of my entire 34 years,"" she added. ""Yet success to me today is not measured by external indicators anymore, but by what’s inside. It is measured by my own health, and the health of those I love. It is measured by how I choose to contribute to the world."" ""Today I continue to follow my big dream, and genuinely believe it can help save our planet,"" she finished. ""No matter what. And against all odds. One day I hope I’ll be able to tell you all about it.""",health
"WASHINGTON — In the spring of 2018, two associates of Rudy Giuliani made a major donation to a pro-Trump super PAC that eventually landed them in jail. Now, one of them wants the money back. Igor Fruman, a wealthy Soviet-born entrepreneur who was arrested in October after waging a campaign to unearth damaging information about Joe Biden in Ukraine, is requesting that a $325,000 contribution he made to America First Action be returned, according to court records. The money has been a source of controversy since a federal grand jury indicted Fruman and his partner, Lev Parnas, for trying to hide the origins of the funds when they donated to the political organization in May 2018. The hefty donation came at a key time when both men were mingling with the upper echelons of the Republican Party, dining with President Donald Trump in Washington, meeting with House members, and launching the back-channel effort in Ukraine that would include Giuliani, the president’s personal lawyer. Months after the donation was sent to the super PAC, a campaign watchdog group filed a complaint with the Federal Elections Commission, accusing the partners of concealing the source of the funds by listing a company they had founded as the donor. Then, this fall, impeachment investigators set their sights on the money as well, demanding Parnas and Fruman reveal its origins. America First, which says it never spent the money, now wants the federal court in Florida to take control of the funds and dole them out as it sees fit. In a court filing on Friday, the political organization revealed that it had received a notice from Fruman's lawyer this month asking that the money be given back. “On December 3, 2019, America First received a letter dated November 25, 2019, from Fruman’s counsel requesting that the $325,000 contribution from GEP be ‘return[ed]’ to the address of Fruman’s counsel,” America First wrote. Fruman isn't the only one who wants the money. Florida attorney Tony Andre, who represe",politics
"Back in the winter of 2011, I was sitting in my tiny apartment in Austin, Texas, finishing my dissertation on the history of celebrity gossip. Starting all the way back at the beginning of what we now know as Hollywood, I traced the evolution of how stars were created, packaged, sold, and consumed, from Mary Pickford through Britney Spears. But writing a dissertation is dull, solitary, deeply unglamorous work, and when a producer emailed me to ask if I’d be in a documentary about “the business of celebrity,” I jumped at the chance. They flew me to New York, filmed me at Sarah Lawrence to give me the “aura” of an academic, and asked me questions about the past and present of celebrity. If you’ve never been part of a documentary, you likely don’t realize just how many times the “talking heads” get asked a question before landing on an answer the producer likes. “Can you answer that again, but much more condensed?” “Can you say the same thing, but with one word?” I was deep in academia at the time, where answering with one word, about anything, felt like blasphemy. But they kept asking me leading questions about the effect of Perez Hilton, and the paparazzi, and TMZ: “How have they made life hell for celebrities?” “Can you talk about how they’ve ruined celebrity?” My responses weren’t just too long, they were too unemotional. I viewed the rise of the digital paparazzi, and the gossip blogs built alongside them, in less moralizing terms. This was simply the latest pendulum swing in a century of oscillations in celebrity power. At the end of the 2000s, celebrities had found themselves largely beholden to the seemingly ever-growing swarms of paparazzi, forced to remain vigilant about how and when they appeared in public, terrified that a snippet of unflattering, unbecoming, or straight-up scandalous footage would make its way to TMZ. Which is why the producers of the documentary kept asking me the same questions. They wanted something closer to the thesis of their film: t",tech
"A New York judge ruled Tuesday that ExxonMobil did not make misleading statements in public disclosures about the company’s climate change risks, delivering a major win to the oil giant in the highly anticipated climate fraud case. New York Supreme Court Judge Barry Ostrager found that the New York attorney general “failed to establish by a preponderance of the evidence” that the oil giant violated the law “in connection with its public disclosures concerning how ExxonMobil accounted for past, present, and future climate change risks,” according to his decision. The New York attorney general launched an investigation into Exxon’s alleged climate lies in 2015, and sued the company in 2018 for violating the state’s Martin Act, one of the strongest anti-fraud laws in the nation. In October, this became the first climate fraud case to go to trial in the US. Exxon celebrated the decision, while New York vowed to keep fighting to hold companies accountable. ""Today’s ruling affirms the position ExxonMobil has held throughout the New York Attorney General’s baseless investigation,"" Casey Norton, an Exxon spokesperson, wrote in an emailed statement. ""We provided our investors with accurate information on the risks of climate change."" ""Throughout this case, we laid out how Exxon made materially false, misleading, and confusing representations to the American people,"" the New York Attorney General Letitia James said in a statement. ""Despite this decision, we will continue to fight to ensure companies are held responsible for actions that undermine and jeopardize the financial health and safety of Americans across our country, and we will continue to fight to end climate change."" The judge's opinion made clear that the finding's scope was limited to the state's anti-fraud laws. “Nothing in this opinion is intended to absolve Exxon from responsibility for contributing to climate change through the emissions of greenhouse gases in the production of its fossil fuel products,” Ostr",science
"I didn’t have a great year, if I’m being honest. In all fairness, my most recent years haven’t been great thanks to my own inherent pessimism, and I really did think that 2018 was going to kill me. But I was wrong. 2019 is the one that almost did me in: I moved to another country, tried to navigate an incredibly hostile city, survived the first year of marriage, and almost bought out the entire country’s worth of antibiotics thanks to a litany of increasingly rare and peculiar illnesses. When I recently complained to my doctor about toe stiffness, he suggested it might be gout, like I’m a rich baby living in the 19th century. (Don’t worry, it’s merely the debilitating arthritis I inherited from my mother.) Maybe I could’ve navigated 2019 better if I didn’t simultaneously feel like my family was cracking under the pressure of a confusing geopolitical conflict. I talk to my parents a lot — every day, which is shocking even to other brown people. But in my defense, what if one of them dies and haunts me, saying, “Oh, and this is what you were doing that made you too busy to pick up a call from your mother???” This year, though, I called less and less. I just couldn’t do it. My mom is smart and my dad is funny, and I like wrapping up my worst days by complaining to them and having them calm me down and build me back up. But lately, they’ve just made me feel alone. This is confusing and somewhat niche, but bear with me, because you’ll need it to understand why I’ve blocked or muted about half of my family on WhatsApp: In August, the Indian government revoked Article 370, which up until then, had given the state of Jammu and Kashmir a special status within India, preserving its autonomy. Kashmir, tucked between Pakistan and India, is a much-contested region both India and Pakistan have fought over in a conflict that has spanned decades. In the late ’80s and early ’90s, Kashmiri Hindus were driven out of the land after being targeted by Muslim insurgents. This is, at least",reader
"She also told Hello Magazine she washes her face immediately after she works out. Which, OK, most of us probably know this, but it's a good reminder. On Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen, Jennifer was asked about a $1,000-per-ounce face cream that her ex-husband Chris Judd said she used every day. She then revealed that she has been using a cream from Whole Foods for about 10 years: Dr. Hauschka Rose Day Cream. It is available at Dermstore for $45. The flavorless collagen is available on Amazon for $12.71. From left to right, the products are: Lancer The Method: Cleanse ($55), Lancer Eye Contour Lifting Cream ($95), L'Oreal Revitalift Bright Reveal Moisturizer + Sunscreen ($17.93), Dr. Hauschka Rose Day Cream ($26.65), and Själ Saphir Concentrate ($175). Well, it's December and I have been waiting ALL YEAR for the skincare line that Jennifer Lopez was supposedly launching in 2019, but it still has not been released. A true tragedy. We all know Jennifer is blessed with beauty genes, but I really just wanted to know what skincare products she uses to obtain such a lovely, dewy face at 50 FREAKING YEARS OLD! So, I started doing some research and – at first – I was really bummed because I was finding stuff I already knew, like wear sunscreen daily, drink lots of water, and get lots of sleep. Last year, she told In Style she tries to get 9-10 hours of sleep! But, then I found the actual products she reportedly uses. In an interview with Well + Good, her makeup artist Mary Phillips said that Jennifer loves Själ Saphir Concentrate – a facial oil that contains aquamarine, botanical retinol, soothing blue chamomile, and a biomarine complex. And, in an interview with Hello!, Jennifer listed Lancer The Method: Cleanse and Lancer Eye Contour Lifting Cream as some of her favorite beauty products. (I also found out Candace Cameron Bure uses Lancer products as well.) In addition, I found the moisturizing cream she swears by, straight from her lips! The last thing I kept comi",health
"At Thursday night's Democratic debate, there was one thing everyone wanted to talk about: wine caves. Now everyone is dying to know what kind of cave they are! Answer these six questions and we'll tell you.",politics
"It’s been a rough decade for Facebook and Twitter. The two entered the 2010s with so much promise. On Twitter, you could talk to just about anyone. On Facebook, you could treat yourself to endless amusement, scrolling through photos and statuses your friends probably should not have posted. Then, all hell broke loose. Social media was no longer fun. It was toxic. And it got this way for a reason. Ultimately, Facebook and Twitter descended into chaos by their own doing. Over the course of 10 years, they made a series of misguided product decisions that transformed them from online amusement parks into hellscapes. Here’s how it happened. Time magazine named Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg its Person of the Year in 2010, in what was likely the apex of social media’s popularity. The site, back then, had a mere 550 million users. “It started out as a lark, a diversion, but it has turned into something real, something that has changed the way human beings relate to one another on a species-wide scale,” the Time article said. Time approached Zuckerberg with an optimistic tone — even reverence — aware of his accomplishments and power. Throughout the profile, however, there was a sense of uncertainty as to where that power would lead. As Time was interviewing Zuckerberg, then-FBI director Robert Mueller walked into the room. A Facebook spokesperson tried to put that off record, but the reporter wouldn’t have it. “They shook hands and chatted about nothing for a couple of minutes, and then Mueller left,” the Time profile said. “There was a giddy silence while everybody just looked at one another as if to say, What the hell just happened?” Facebook looked like this at the time: The social network’s News Feed was up and running, but Facebook was primarily a directory where people could share their lives with friends and families. Public content — from celebrities, news sites, and politicians — was barely present. Facebook had grand designs. It wanted third-party developers to buil",tech
"The transformation of genetic genealogy from a geeky pastime to a crime-fighting business opportunity has taken another leap forward. Verogen, a San Diego-based company that provides equipment for high-tech sequencing of crime-scene DNA, today announced that it had acquired GEDmatch, a website that rose to fame after it led cops to the alleged Golden State Killer. Since then, GEDmatch has been caught in the crossfire of a bitter argument between genealogists who believe the site has compromised its users’ privacy and those who want to work with law enforcement to help solve violent crimes. “They have been pummelled by all sides,” said Margaret Press, co-founder of the DNA Doe Project, which uses genetic genealogy to put names to unidentified homicide victims. Although GEDmatch’s new owner is a forensic science company, it is promising a firm line on protecting users who don’t want cops to access their genetic information. “We are very committed to privacy,” Verogen CEO Brett Williams told BuzzFeed News. Launched by genealogy enthusiasts Curtis Rogers and John Olson in 2010, for years GEDmatch was an obscure website that allowed customers of DNA testing firms to expand their family trees by looking for relatives sharing matching stretches of DNA. That all changed in April 2018 with the arrest of Joseph James DeAngelo, a former cop alleged to be the Golden State Killer, responsible for at least 13 murders and more than 50 rapes in California in the 1970s and 1980s. Police in California and the FBI, working with a professional genealogist, Barbara Rae Venter, matched a crime-scene DNA sample to profiles in GEDmatch who were the killer’s third or fourth cousins. Since then, GEDmatch has been used to help solve around 70 violent crimes. But the site’s new prominence as a crime-fighting tool has divided genealogists keen to work with law enforcement and those concerned that the practice has invaded users’ genetic privacy. In May, there was an outcry from privacy advocates",science
"We’re so excited to announce Nothing to See Here — one of our favorite books of 2019 — as BuzzFeed Book Club’s January pick. Sign up here to read along. I met Madison at a fancy girls’ school hidden on a mountain in the middle of nowhere. A hundred or so years ago, maybe even longer, all the men who had managed to make enough money in such a barren landscape decided that they needed a school to prepare their daughters for the eventuality of marrying some other rich man, moving up in life, until no one remembered a time when they were anything other than exemplary. They brought some British guy to Tennessee, and he ran it like some school for princesses, and soon other rich men from other barren landscapes sent their daughters. And then, after this happened enough times, rich people in real cities, like New York or Chicago started hearing about this school and started sending their own daughters. And, like anything, if you can catch that kind of good luck, it holds for centuries. I grew up in the valley of that mountain, just poor enough that I could imagine a way out. I lived with my mom and a rotating cast of her boyfriends, my father either dead or just checked out. My mother was vague about him, not a single picture. It seemed like maybe some Greek god had assumed the form of a stallion and impregnated my mother before returning to his home atop a mountain. More likely it was just a pervert in one of the fancy homes that my mom cleaned. Maybe he was some alderman in town, and I’d seen him all my life without knowing it. But I preferred to think he was dead, that he wholly was incapable of saving me from my unhappiness. The school, the Iron Mountain Girls Preparatory School, offered one or two full scholarships each year to girls in the valley who showed promise. And, though it might be hard to believe now, I showed a fucking lot of promise. I had spent my childhood gritting my teeth and smashing everything to bits in the name of excellence. I taught myself to rea",reader
,health
"LOS ANGELES — Elizabeth Warren turned Pete Buttigieg’s wining and dining of donors, namely his recent fundraiser inside a swanky Napa Valley wine cave, into a punchy argument against his presidential campaign during Thursday’s Democratic debate. “Billionaires in wine caves,” Warren said in the midst of a heated exchange at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles, “should not pick the next president of the United States.” Photos of the fundraiser, popping with crystal chandeliers, went viral this week, drawing virtual smirks online and a quick rebuke via a small-dollar fundraising plea from Bernie Sanders. With Buttigieg and Warren competing for similar high-education voters in Iowa, and with Buttigieg overtaking Warren in polls in the first caucus state, the Massachusetts senator saw an opportunity to burnish her populist credentials at the expense of the mayor of South Bend, Indiana. “So the mayor just recently held a fundraiser that was held in a wine cave full of crystals and [that] served $900-a-bottle wine,” Warren began — after obliquely referencing Buttigieg’s fundraising practices a moment earlier. “Think about who comes to that. He had promised that every fundraiser he would do would be open-door, but this one was closed-door.” The clash had been brewing for weeks. Warren, who does not hold high-dollar fundraisers, pushed for Buttigieg to open his donor events to reporters — a level of transparency that former vice president Joe Biden had been adhering to since the spring. Buttigieg’s campaign relented soon after, and a reporter actually attended a portion of the wine cave event, though the fundraiser was otherwise closed to those who hadn’t donated at least $500. “Those doors shouldn’t be closed, and no one should be left to wonder what kind of promises are being made to the people that then pony up big bucks to be in the room,” Warren said earlier this month. Buttigieg has parried Warren’s criticism by casting her as a hypocrite, given her personal wea",politics
"This article is copublished with ProPublica, a nonprofit newsroom that investigates abuses of power. Sign up for ProPublica’s Big Story newsletter to receive stories like this one in your inbox as soon as they are published. As they prepared for last year’s holiday rush, managers at Amazon unveiled a plan to make the company’s sprawling delivery network the safest in the world. Amazon, which ships millions of packages a day to homes and businesses across the US, had seen a string of fatal crashes involving vans making those deliveries over the previous few years. Improving safety, the plan said, was “Amazon’s Greatest Opportunity.” A key part of the proposal was a five-day course that would put new drivers through on-road assessments overseen by an outside organization with four decades of experience in driver training. But the defensive-driving course didn’t materialize. Amid the rush of what would become Amazon’s busiest holiday season ever, the class was vetoed. With more than a billion packages shipping in a span of six weeks, the company needed to put drivers to work almost as soon as they were hired, internal documents show. “We chose to not have onroad practical training because it was a bottleneck” that would keep new drivers off the road, noted a memo written by a senior manager in the logistics division just after the peak season wrapped up. In just a few years, Amazon has built a delivery system that has disrupted a decades-old business dominated by FedEx and United Parcel Service. But in its relentless drive to get bigger while keeping costs low, Amazon’s logistics operation has repeatedly emphasized speed and cost over safety, a new investigation by ProPublica and BuzzFeed News has found. Time after time, internal documents and interviews with company insiders show, Amazon officials have ignored or overlooked signs that the company was overloading its fast-growing delivery network while eschewing the expansive sort of training and oversight provided by ",tech
"Prince. Tom Petty. Philip Seymour Hoffman. Men and women, young and old, rich and poor. Maybe someone you knew or loved. All gone, among the 467,000 drug overdose deaths in the US counted so far this decade, with another 67,000 more that will likely be added to that staggering total when this year ends. The epidemic has overtaken both car crashes and gun violence as leading causes of deaths nationwide, and it now causes far more deaths every year than AIDS did at its peak. US drug overdose deaths in this decade exceed the number of battle deaths the country suffered in World War I and World War II combined. And they played a pivotal role in the politics that made Donald Trump president. The death toll from opioid overdoses over the past 10 years has triggered a national public health emergency and shocked addiction experts. The “war on drugs” rhetoric of the last 50 years finally ended amid all those deaths, which brought the realization that we can’t arrest away the disease of drug addiction, a change that noticeably came with a drug epidemic ravaging white, rural America. “No one predicted the ferocity of the opioid epidemic,” American Society of Addiction Medicine President Paul Earley told BuzzFeed News. As the death toll mounted, the epidemic shifted from painkillers to illegal drugs — first to heroin and then to synthetic fentanyl. The drastic shift pushed a relatively new approach called “harm reduction” to center stage, with the aim of limiting overdose deaths by meeting people “where they’re at,” and cutting down the ills of drug use rather than eliminating drug use itself. The overdose-reversing drug naloxone, once hard to access, is now frequently carried by first responders and available over-the-counter in pharmacies. Needle exchanges, once held up as illegal by Republican and Democratic presidents alike, are now set up in over 300 facilities nationwide and have the approval of President Trump. And cities like Seattle, Philadelphia, and San Francisco ar",science
"The only time I’ve seen Adam Driver in person, he was at the American Museum of Natural History in New York, his face tinted slightly blue from the light reflecting off the 94-foot blue whale that dominates the Hall of Ocean Life. It was the night of the Season 4 premiere of Girls in 2015, and the room was sprinkled with celebrities: Natasha Lyonne, Jon Hamm, Tavi Gevinson, Karlie Kloss, Nicky Hilton, and, of course, Lena Dunham, who’d cast Driver for what was originally supposed to be a one-episode appearance. At these sorts of events, celebrities are never not surrounded. But Driver was more like me: off to the side, all alone, staring into space, not making eye contact with anything except his crudités. In hindsight, Driver was probably alone because he skipped the actual premiere — he refuses to watch himself in any performance — and showed up to the party before the rest of the fawning mob. But that vision of him, a tall beacon across the room, solitary and yet wholly unconcerned about it, has stuck with me. It’s not just that Driver seemed unconcerned with the pageantry of stardom; lots of actors, particularly men, are. It was how singular, how exceptional, he looked, even amid the sea of New York cool kids that accumulated around Dunham in those days. From the beginning of his time in the public eye, Driver has been positioned as exceptional: in his performance as Adam Sackler, Dunham’s beguiling on- and off-again love interest in Girls; in his oft-reported backstory as the stepson of an Indiana preacher who enlisted in the Marines before making it to Juilliard; and that baritone voice, which Vulture aptly described as its own form of woodwind. And then there’s his body, which can best be described as confusingly hot, and his career choices, which have ricocheted between blockbusters (the almost-too-compelling Star Wars villain Kylo Ren), auteur passion projects (Silence, The Dead Don’t Die), and quasi-indie prestige pictures (The Report, BlacKkKlansman). Dri",reader
"The person who believes girls have ""ostrogene"": The person who fully believes foreplay isn't important: The person whose lack of knowledge came out through this sext: The person who believes labias shape-shift like a fuckin' Anamorph: The person who was just really confused: The person who doesn't believe ""vulva"" is a real word: The person who doesn't understand periods: The person who has a very wrong theory: The person who wanted to understand mouth horniness: The person who thought middle schoolers don't need tampons: The person who explained how to skip periods: The person who thought sonograms put your full vag on display: The person who just doesn't get it: The person who confused women and werewolves: The person who knows nothing about yeast infections: The person whose perfect woman is actually a mannequin: The person who thought they creatively solved a problem: The person who thought men and women use different products for a reason: The person who thought pads were like double-sided tape: And finally, the person who believes orgasms equals babies:",health
"WASHINGTON — Emergency room patients will continue to be hit with surprise medical bills, despite having health insurance, after Congress left for the year without passing a deal to end the exploitative practice. President Donald Trump and leaders in both parties have spoken for months about the urgency of ending one of the most glaring loopholes of the US health care system. But Congress did not include any legislation to end surprise medical billing in its end-of-year budget bill, which passed the Senate 71–23. Democrats and Republicans in the House and Senate had reached a deal to end surprise billing in recent weeks, despite a multimillion-dollar dark money campaign to kill reforms funded by private equity firms that profit from sending surprise bills to hospital patients. It appeared set to be included in the must-pass spending bill. Then everything fell apart. And people on both sides of the aisle are pointing their finger at one member for tanking the momentum: Rep. Richard Neal, the powerful chair of the House Ways and Means Committee. “There is extreme frustration. This was the deal. It was vetted. It was signed off on. It was approved. The White House endorsed it,” said one House Republican aide. “That’s when you need to set aside egos and get on board. This was going to be a win for the American people.” Surprise billing happens when someone goes to a hospital covered by their insurance network only to be hit by often exorbitant bills because a doctor or specialist who works at the hospital is out of network. It’s not an accident. Private equity firms have bought up physician-staffing firms, which has led to an increase in out-of-network billing. Doctors and the private equity firms behind them can reap huge extra profits by charging patients essentially whatever they decide the price should be. The practice raises insurance costs for everyone. Patients have little recourse other than begging for relief or threatening to call Sarah Kliff, a reporter at th",politics
"In December 2019, as the decade drew to a close, thousands of 10-inch-long penis fish flopped ashore at Drakes Beach, about 50 miles north of San Francisco. Otherwise known as the fat innkeeper worm (Urechis caupo), the invasion of the phallic critters took over the beach, forcing out the locals. If you were looking for a metaphor to sum up what a decade of growth in the high-tech industry has done to the Bay Area, you couldn’t ask for something more apt. Unless, of course, the penis worms were libertarians. Because, from a certain point of view, that’s been the core story here since the end of the Great Recession. Hordes of newly minted and newly wealthy tech bros, flush with Silicon Valley VC cash, ruined what once had been an all-are-welcome cool, gray city of love, where the funky landlady Anna Madrigal offered furnished rooms on Russian Hill for $170 a month. As the Jefferson Airplane guitarist Paul Kantner once joked, “San Francisco is 49 square miles surrounded by reality.” If that were ever true, this was the decade in which reality finally closed back in. At the end of the decade, how did the Bay Area end up in such dire shape? Perhaps our politicians, bought and sold by big business, opened the gates to a wave of capital and an influx of outsiders. That’s one way to tell the story of the decade of the technology industry in its capital, the San Francisco Bay Area. But there’s another, which is perhaps more apt. In December, San Francisco’s Planning Commission approved the construction of five duplexes in Bernal Heights, where the median home price is just under a million and a half dollars. In the middle of the region’s excruciatingly well-documented and seemingly near-permanent housing crisis, it didn’t take the commission a month to approve the construction, or even a year. It took 41 years — four decades to approve just 10 new units of housing on a vacant hillside, kept that way by the opposition of neighbors who opposed construction, quite literally, i",tech
,science
"The Warmth of Other Suns: The Epic Story of America's Great Migration by Isabel Wilkerson (2010) A lifetime ago, I went on a date with a beautiful man whose name means “to travel across or through.” Like me, he is black, gay, grew up in Texas, and loves words. Unlike me, he loves God, almost as much, if not more, than he loves words, so I knew that whatever we were traveling through or across together wouldn’t take long. I didn’t mind. Even now, if he called me, I would answer. After our first meal together, he walked with me into a bookstore and led me — without detour — to the spine of the book he wanted me to read. As I type now, I’m picturing his slender finger gently running down the hardback cover of Isabel Wilkerson’s The Warmth of Other Suns. I was fresh out of graduate school where I had studied creative writing; he was politely stunned that I hadn’t already heard of Wilkerson or her tremendous account of the Great Migration. He didn’t shame me for what I didn’t know; instead, he had led me to my history. This matters. Holding the weighty volume in his hands — like a Bible, I noted — he rhapsodized about what she had accomplished, using hundreds of hours of interviews and research to construct a definitive look at the era in which millions of African-American refugees went North in order to flee Jim Crow’s caste system. Wilkerson focuses on three people from three different parts of the South who embark on three very different life journeys. She also zooms out to contextualize their stories within the broader swell of history. It’s also beautifully written with an eye for detail any poet can appreciate. —Saeed Jones. Excerpted with permission from Saeed’s newsletter The Intelligence of Honey. Read more here. The Round House by Louise Erdrich (2012) I’ve read and loved many of Erdrich’s novels, which delve into an interwoven world of families in and around one fictional North Dakota Native American reservation, but I think The Round House is the best she’s w",reader
"""One of my friends decided to try anal with her boyfriend, but her dad walked in while they were having sex. Her boyfriend pulled his dick out super fast, which caused her to shit all over his stomach and chest. Apparently the smell was so awful that he then started to throw up. Poor dad saw the whole damn thing."" —dreav488 ""I have a heart condition where I faint when I get hurt. I don't tell many people, 'cause I don't think everyone needs to know. Well, one time my boyfriend was slamming into me during sex, and his dick slipped out. When he tried to ram it back in, he accidentally went in the wrong hole. I screamed and tried to run to the bathroom before I fainted in front of him, but I didn't make it in time. I passed out on his bedroom floor and woke up to hear him screaming for HIS MOM to come help!"" —brittanyd26 ""I was in a threesome with two guys who happened to be friends. One of them insisted I blow him while riding the other one. He pushed my head really hard into him, right as he was about to cum, which made me choke and pull away. This made all of his cum spray right onto his buddy’s face, and a bit got into his mouth. I will always wondered if their friendship survived that sperm facial."" —laurenh44b ""I occasionally get lockjaw. One time I was giving my boyfriend a blow job – he's quite big and girthy – and my jaw started to hurt. I thought, fuck it, and kept going, which was a big mistake. It got to the point where I couldn’t open my mouth wide enough to get his dick out, so I had to pry my mouth open with my fingers. Whoops."" —shelbeed ""I was going down on my boyfriend in my dorm room. His muscles were all tense, and he was breathing really hard. He said he wasn't going to finish because he had too much to drink, so we both got dressed. I noticed these weird brown streaks on my sheets. He pretended to be confused and left immediately. That's when I realized why he was acting so weird, because he was trying to hold in his shit while I had his dick in m",health
"While serving as mayor of New York City, Michael Bloomberg appeared with Donald Trump to give advice to contestants at Gracie Mansion on The Apprentice in 2004 and to take a bite out of some hot dogs during a competition between two Celebrity Apprentice teams in 2008. While Bloomberg has committed to running millions of dollars in anti-Trump ads ahead of the 2020 election, the relationship between the New Yorkers hasn’t always been so fraught. The two have attended charity events together and worked on projects, including a Bronx golf course. The relationship between the two deteriorated when Trump began running for president in 2015. In the 2008 episode, Bloomberg — with Trump, Ivanka Trump, and Donald Trump Jr. in tow — walks up to a hot dog cart staffed by cast members of Celebrity Apprentice while dramatic music plays in the background. “This is our great mayor,” Trump says, introducing Bloomberg to the first team of celebrities, which included former White House official Omarosa Manigault Newman, who were selling hot dogs as a part of a competition between men and women. “As the number one frank-ophile in the city, I’m supposed to see if you can cut the mustard,” Bloomberg told the team of women before biting into a hot dog. “I can’t tell whether these are better or worse than the one the men are selling until I have a hot dog with the men. But I can tell you without seeing the men — you look better,” he told the women. Bloomberg's campaign has been under pressure since similar comments have reemerged in a report from ABC News, which reported that the former mayor and the company he founded have been sued by 17 women for sexual harassment and sexist remarks. Three of those cases specifically named Bloomberg. In another moment on the show, as Bloomberg approaches the hot dog cart run by the men’s team, TV host Piers Morgan announces over a megaphone that the mayor of New York City was making an appearance at their stand. “The question is: Is this the best hot do",politics
"Pinterest will stop promoting posts featuring golliwogs, saying the dolls violate their policy around ""hateful activities"". The social media company told BuzzFeed News it would limit golliwog dolls – toys based on a racist caricature of African people – from the site's recommendations, autocomplete and email notifications. But it will not remove golliwog-related content altogether from its site. ""Golliwog dolls are insensitive, offensive and violate our hateful activities policy,"" a Pinterest spokesperson told BuzzFeed News. ""We want everyone to feel welcome and inspired on Pinterest, which is why we've limited the distribution of this content across our platform and don't accept advertisements for them."" Users have created hundreds of golliwog boards, with many including dozens of pictures of the character. Golliwog pins were still included in the home feeds of two accounts operated by BuzzFeed News after the announcement. This suggests that the site's algorithm is still serving the content to user's accounts. The alternate spelling ""gollywog"" is still included in the website's search autocomplete function. Pinterest did not respond to questions on when the changes would kick in or if the alternate spelling would also be flagged. The decision comes days after Pinterest – and other major wedding-planning platforms – told BuzzFeed News they would stop promoting wedding venues and content that romanticise former slave plantations. Pinterest has also banned anti-vaccine content and kicked anti-abortion groups off the site for spreading misinformation. Golliwog dolls — which started as late nineteenth century English book character inspired by minstrels performing blackface — were popular toys in the United States, Australia and the UK. The Ferris State University's Jim Crow Museum of Racist Memorabilia describes the Golliwog as ""the least known of the major anti-black caricatures"". The golliwog character regularly sparks controversy in Australia, with people protesting",tech
"A bipartisan coalition of lawmakers called on President Donald Trump to go ahead with a ban on flavored e-cigarettes on Monday, following the president’s decision to hold off on a sweeping ban he first announced in September. “Our children should not be used as guinea pigs by the tobacco industry,” said the letter from the Senate and House chairs of the bipartisan Congressional Caucus to End the Youth Vaping Epidemic. The letter, signed by 28 senators and representatives, calls for a nationwide ban on all flavored e-cigarettes, including the mint and menthol flavors that the vaping industry has pushed to keep on the market. “We urge you to finalize the removal of all flavors from the market,” the letter said, referencing the May 2020 deadline for e-cigarette manufacturers seeking product approvals from the Food and Drug Administration. Trump first announced his intention to ban all flavored vapes in early September, kicking off intense lobbying from e-cigarette firms and public health officials. “A lot of people think it’s wonderful,” Trump said in comments to reporters. “It’s not a wonderful thing.” But in a November White House meeting of the vaping industry and children’s health groups, Trump said he was still searching for a ban that would satisfy parents enraged over skyrocketing rates of teen vaping, while not putting vaping stores out of business and driving former smokers to the black market. “This is absolutely unacceptable. Our children are not for sale,” Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi of Illinois, a cochair of the caucus, told BuzzFeed News. “I’m very disappointed that industry was able to elbow its way into the discussion and hold up the ban. But if there are discussions going forward, our caucus should have a voice at the table.” The ban fight comes as survey results reported by the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) in November suggest that more than 1 in 4 high school students now use flavored e-cigarettes monthly, more than 5 million teens ",science
"In this magnificent novel, Whitehead once again draws inspiration from true atrocities of America's past, this time creating a fictional account of a real-life Florida reform school for boys that was infamous for torturing and killing its poor black students, and then secretly burying their bodies, in the 1960s. Whitehead builds his story around Elwood Curtis, an ambitious, socially conscious, law-abiding teenager in Tallahassee who gets into the wrong car on his first day of elective community college classes and winds up arrested for auto theft. His sentence is enrollment at the Nickel Academy — which, despite its solid reputation, turns out to be built on cruelty, racism, and corruption. As Curtis discovers that his good behavior and best intentions won't be enough to keep him safe, his worldview shifts, and survival becomes more of a strategy. Whitehead's prose is meticulous; he nimbly shifts between the 1960s and present day, creating a fully fleshed-out picture of violence and (in)justice with a finale that just guts you. —Arianna Rebolini In a year of hotly anticipated sequels, Strout’s Olive, Again was simply the best of the bunch. Using the same interrelated short story framework as she did in her 2008 Pulitzer Prize–winning predecessor, Strout revisits the fictional town of Crosby, Maine, and its inhabitants some years after the events of the first book. We find retired school teacher Olive Kitteridge still as cantankerous as ever, as she and other residents grapple with aging, sickness, and life’s general disappointments. Nobody can casually devastate like Strout can; the secret is that she writes with such humor and such grace that you don’t even realize you’re tearing up until the book is over. —Tomi Obaro Oyeyemi’s latest beguiling novel tells the story of Harriet and Perdita Lee, an oddball mother–daughter duo who lives in London and makes delicious gingerbread — a family recipe supposedly quite popular in Harriet’s (possibly fantastical?) homeland of",reader
"Australia’s determined efforts to keep sick refugees away from its shores have been stymied by patients who repeatedly refuse to fly to Taiwan for medical treatment, documents obtained by BuzzFeed News reveal. Under a deal struck in 2017, Taiwan agreed to temporarily take in sick refugees and asylum seekers detained by Australia on the tiny Pacific Island nation of Nauru when they required complex medical care. The secretive deal was an expensive but apparently neat solution to the dilemma created by Australia’s hardline immigration policies. Asylum seekers who arrived by boat following 2013 were sent to island detention on Nauru and in Papua New Guinea, and were unable to settle in Australia. But as detainee health deteriorated and public outcry rose, a second policy mandated these people also could not travel to Australia for medical treatment unless their condition signalled death or significant, permanent disability, and they could not be treated elsewhere. A significant number of cases did not meet that extreme threshold, but could not be treated with the expertise or equipment available in the island camps. Taiwan, with its high quality tertiary care, stepped in to fill the breach. Since then, a big problem has arisen — many refugees don't want to go. The deal has seen the government repeatedly encouraging refugees to travel thousands of kilometres to Taiwan for medical treatment, only to be met with refusals in half of all cases. Redacted minutes of the Transitory Persons Committee — a secretive taskforce within the Department of Home Affairs — reveal a pattern of repeated approaches to patients about Taiwan, even after they have refused to go. BuzzFeed News obtained the minutes under freedom of information laws. At numerous meetings from mid-2018 until the committee apparently dissolved in March 2019, the group resolved to go back to patients who refused the Taiwan option and simply try again. In one case, debated in November 2018, doctors had recommended me",health
"WASHINGTON — Republicans said it was “inappropriate” for President Donald Trump to attack a beloved deceased lawmaker and his widow — also a member of Congress — by implying he was looking up at her from hell during a campaign rally Wednesday night. During the rally in Michigan, the president called Democratic Rep. Debbie Dingell “a real beauty,” but then went on to attack Dingell and her late husband, former representative John Dingell, after she joined House Democrats in voting to impeachment earlier that evening. Both Dingells held the same seat representing Michigan in Congress. Trump described a call he had with Debbie Dingell after her husband died, in which she thanked him for lowering the flags to half-mast. Trump has brought this up before and attacked Debbie Dingell for supporting his impeachment after thanking him for helping with her husband’s funeral. But Trump went further Wednesday night, implying the late lawmaker is in hell. ""'John would be so thrilled. He's looking down, he'd be so thrilled. Thank you so much, sir,'"" Trump said, doing an impersonation of Debbie Dingell on the call. ""I said, 'That's OK, don't worry about it.’ Maybe he's looking up, I don't know."" The crowd reacted with a mixture of laughter and disapproval. The Democrat was a legend in Michigan; the road to the Detroit Airport is named for him. Rep. Debbie Dingell responded to the president’s comments on Twitter last night as well, saying the comments were “hurtful.” “Mr. President, let’s set politics aside,” she wrote. “My husband earned all his accolades after a lifetime of service. I’m preparing for the first holiday season without the man I love. You brought me down in a way you can never imagine and your hurtful words just made my healing much harder.” Some of Trump’s biggest supporters thought his comments were inappropriate as well. “Yeah, that was inappropriate,” Republican Rep. Debbie Lesko told BuzzFeed News Thursday morning. “I mean, you know, people say things that somet",politics
"Millions of mobile phones in New Delhi, India’s capital, went dead on Thursday after the city’s police department ordered the country’s largest carriers to stop voice, text, and internet services in the wake of massive protests against a controversial new citizenship law that discriminates against Muslims. Local, state, and national authorities regularly shut down the internet in India during times of unrest — 96 times this year, according to the Software Freedom Law Center, a digital advocacy group that has tracked internet shutdowns in the country since 2012. The Indian region of Kashmir has been cut off since August after India’s government revoked its autonomous legal status, and dozens of districts in five Indian states have been plunged into digital darkness in the last few days as protests have spread. But Thursday was the first time that India’s capital, home to the country’s Parliament, saw its mobile services being revoked. A copy of the police department order, reviewed by BuzzFeed News and sent to all major carriers in Delhi, commanded them to halt “voice, SMS & internet” services “in view of the prevailing law and order situation.” It also provided a list of neighborhoods to which the carriers were ordered to stop service. The shutdown came amid nationwide protests against an act that India’s Hindu nationalist government passed last week, which makes getting Indian citizenship easier for immigrants who practice all major South Asian religions except Islam. In addition to mobile phones, Indian authorities tried to clamp down on the protests by banning large gatherings, detaining thousands of people, including prominent liberal intellectuals, and periodically closing off dozens of train stations in New Delhi. Airtel and Vodafone, two of India’s largest carriers, tweeted that they were complying with the government directive after customers in Delhi started to complain on Thursday morning. They deleted the tweets shortly after. Jio, India’s third major car",tech
,science
"Death Stranding is a video game that belongs to the eminently fashionable “open-world” genre, where you freely roam a large environment, except it doesn’t focus much on traditional combat. Instead, you play as a postapocalyptic deliveryman, Kevin Costner–in–The Postman–ing your way across a ravaged US with hundreds of pounds of cargo strapped to your back. It’s a game for people who simply like wandering around in a huge digital space or people who love managing equipment weight limits down to the most granular detail. It’s for fans of things like ghost-detecting babies urinating on a character who shares the likeness of Oscar-winning director Guillermo del Toro, Monster Energy drink (which enjoys some of the most shameless product placement I have ever encountered), and actor Mads Mikkelsen staring right into the camera while assuring you that he’s your daddy. Most (though certainly not all) of these things are of what we might deem questionable commercial value. Yet here they all are, mashed together into a single work that has not just a considerable budget but a hefty advertising commitment. The game, released in November, has been the subject of a behind-the-scenes BBC documentary, an art exhibit, a Conan segment, and a (pretty good, actually) soundtrack album with new music from artists like Chvrches, to say nothing of the world tour, the multitude of reviews, and the intense scrutiny of its development process. Death Stranding is indisputably An Event, fueled by something that has grown increasingly rare in our franchise-minded, IP-driven age: the power of the name-brand creator, the auteur. In the same way 2019 movies like The Irishman or Once Upon a Time in Hollywood are tagged as A Martin Scorsese Picture or The Ninth Film From Quentin Tarantino, publisher Sony has placed its chips on A Hideo Kojima Game. As a result, we get the kind of bold risk-taking that only a singular creative vision can provide. Or at least, that’s how we talk about auteur-driven wo",reader
"A man in immigration detention has been repeatedly handcuffed to be taken to medical appointments for ailments that doctors suggest are caused by the handcuffing itself. Nauroze Anees, a 32-year-old Pakistani man currently held in Sydney’s Villawood immigration detention centre, has had chronic chest pain for the past year, and numbness and tingling in two fingers on his left hand for the past three and a half years. Doctors have suggested both problems may have been caused by handcuffing. But despite doctors’ recommendations, Australian Border Force and contractor Serco have continued to handcuff Anees as they transport him to further medical appointments. “I’m in extreme pain while handcuffed,” Anees told BuzzFeed News. He said that handcuffs made him feel “dehumanised” and that he felt humiliated when people saw him restrained and accompanied by guards when he attends hospital. “God knows what assumptions they make about me,” he said. His discomfort has caused him to miss medical appointments because guards have told him he either has to be handcuffed or not go at all, Anees said. In a complaint to the Human Rights Commission, he said that he missed a recent appointment with a mental health practitioner “because Serco wanted to handcuff and humiliate me as a condition for me to get medical help”. Medical reports seen by BuzzFeed News record that Anees has told multiple doctors that his chest pain — a chronic pain on the left side of his ribcage — started after he spent nearly 20 hours handcuffed on a plane when he was being transported between detention centres. He has described it as an “exploding” or “stabbing” pain and told doctors it interferes with his sleep. A Perth GP who saw Anees in April concluded that the pain was probably a musculoskeletal problem, bolstered by the fact that the symptoms started soon after the plane journey. The GP saw Anees at Perth’s immigration detention centre, where he complained he was not able to undertake a thorough physical e",health
"WASHINGTON — The legal age in the US to smoke will rise to 21 next year, according to a new law passed by Congress on Thursday. The age increase will cover cigarettes, e-cigarettes, and all other tobacco products. President Donald Trump voiced support for the change in November and is expected to sign the bill in the coming days, part of a larger spending bill that will prevent a federal government shutdown. The nationwide increase in the legal smoking age, now 18 but already higher in almost half of all states, has long been a goal of anti-smoking advocates and has bipartisan support. While cigarette smoking has declined among high school seniors — only around 3.6% smoke daily — the use of e-cigarettes has nearly doubled from last year, with 20.9% reporting such use in the last month. That increase, along with a nationwide outbreak of unrelated but deadly lung injuries among people buying illicit vaping products, largely THC liquids, has spurred the legal age increase. Some tobacco firms have even supported the move, as does the American Vaping Association. American Lung Association President Harold Wimmer hailed the age increase in a statement on the measure, but added, ""ultimately, more must be done by both Congress and the Trump Administration if our nation is to halt the youth e-cigarette epidemic."" The spending bill passed in the House of Representatives on Tuesday and then the Senate on Thursday. The age increase should take effect nationwide in about nine months, after the bill is signed.",politics
"At 6:30 a.m. every weekday, Ethan Floerke wakes up for his full-time job teaching language arts to 100 seventh graders at Lake Mills Middle School in Wisconsin. Almost nine hours later, at 3:05 p.m., he sets down his books and puts on a uniform. It’s time to deliver pizzas, many of which go to the families of his students. Floerke works the part-time job about 25 hours a week. It’s an exhausting grind, but it’s still not enough for the 29-year-old to pay his loans and bills while also setting aside savings. In the summer, Floerke teaches summer school, delivers pizza, and also works for the parks department as a security guard on the public beaches. “I am working 70-plus hours a week during the summer,” he told BuzzFeed News. This is Floerke’s sixth year teaching. One of five children, he graduated college in December 2013 with $30,000 in student loans and began teaching at a salary of about $32,500. After working for over a year, he bought a used 2010 Jeep Patriot, taking out a $14,000 loan. Two months later, it died. He bought another car, and within a few weeks, his debt for cars alone had skyrocketed to $30,000. “That one decision, that terrible car decision, and I'm $60,000 in debt. It was terrifying,” he said. Thus began Floerke’s adult life. On the other side of the country, in New York, another young man was starting his life. He’s asked to be called Tom for this story, to protect his privacy. Floerke and Tom have many similarities. Both are well-educated millennial American men born who grew up in low- to middle-income families. But they differ in one respect: Floerke’s income puts him in roughly the 40th percentile of American income. (That is, 60% of the country makes more than he does, 40% makes less.) Tom’s base salary, which today is $210,000 a year, places him in the 92nd percentile. And on this one difference, an entire decade turned. Nothing has been felt more profoundly by Americans over the last decade than the widening gulf in wealth. The gap bet",tech
"The effects of climate change are undeniable: The past five years have been the warmest on record, and storms are becoming stronger. As a result, many media outlets have been revising their language regarding climate stories, with some going so far as to cover climate change as an emergency. Reuters Pictures has made climate change a topic of focus, much like the New York Times and the Guardian. However, Reuters is a newswire service, meaning that unlike a traditional newspaper, its images are available to any media subscriber worldwide (including BuzzFeed News). It has produced 150 photo packages related to the environment within the past year and a half, with stories ranging from the Amazon wildfires to methane gas hunters to the melting of ice in Greenland, and as it reaches billions of people each month through its news service, it has a direct impact on how the general public sees climate change. BuzzFeed News spoke with Corinne Perkins, the North America Editor of Reuters Pictures, and Lucas Jackson, a staff photographer who has been closely involved in this shift in coverage, about the challenges and successes of covering a global crisis. Climate change is a notoriously hard topic to effectively cover, since it’s so big, and often considered too slow or too scientific to be a visual study. What are some of the biggest hurdles that you've faced? And do you feel particularly proud about a specific story or approach? Lucas Jackson: Reuters has those same issues. Climate-specific coverage is a priority for us and it has played into stories on industries and economies for a while. The main hurdle, at least for the photo department, is that sometimes we want to cover the scientific research before there is a definitive paper telling us what conclusions have been drawn. We have tried to get around these difficulties by finding stories where we can explain the science taking place and what it is leading towards while also explaining how these changes being observed c",science
"For all the years I’ve been in debt, I’ve devoured stories of people who somehow managed to get out of it. The vast majority of them quite frankly made me feel like shit: For these people, becoming debt-free was a simple matter of cutting out Starbucks and toning down your online shopping habit. But none of those things would make a dent in my insurmountable pile of student debt — or the debt of most people I know. I wanted to read detailed, deeply honest stories of paying off debt. The budgeting aspect was interesting to me, but even more interesting were the larger questions of assistance (Who helped you? Who paid the phone bill? Who paid the rent?) and how paying down debt made people feel. What you’ll find below is a collection of stories, culled from the hundreds of responses, with various motivations, strategies, and outcomes. The sacrifices people made to pay off their debt might not surprise you. But the reaction those same people had to finally paying off that debt likely will. Puerto Rican, New York City$102K in student debtTime to pay off: Six years I researched how to get out of debt and discovered the snowball/avalanche method. My first job out of school (three months after I graduated) was $40K (up to $80K over my loan journey), and I vowed to pay more than the minimums on them until I was done. I lived with roommates in shitty places around Manhattan and with an ex-boyfriend in the Bronx and then Washington Heights. With the exception of my phone bill paid for by my parents, I never had help paying my debt or any other kind of bill or finances. I was lucky to not have kids, which made it easier to do side gigs, which is how I was able to pay the last $32K of my debt in eight months. I dog-walked, freelance wrote after my day job, and babysat. I feel like having debt dictated all the decisions I made, especially the jobs I took. It dictated the immense anxiety I had when I was laid off. I lived so far from work, and my commute took a toll on me every d",reader
"Hundreds of women living in pain after they were fitted with transvaginal mesh devices have won a landmark class action case against Ethicon, a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. Seven years after a class action involving more than 1,350 women began, the Federal Court's Justice Anna Katzmann handed down a searing judgement in which she found Ethicon had acted negligently, and that patients should be compensated. ""We were treated like guinea pigs,"" one of the applicants, Julie Davis, told reporters outside court on Thursday. ""They lied about it and did nothing to help."" Urogynaecological meshes, sometimes known as transvaginal meshes, are inserted into women as a treatment option for pelvic organ prolapse (when the connective tissue securing the vagina and uterus to the pelvis gives way after childbirth), or urinary incontinence. ""[Ethicon] were liable to compensate any applicant and/or group member who suffered an injury because of the defect for the amount of the loss and damage she sustained as a result of that injury,"" Katzmann said in an hour-long summary of her judgement on Thursday morning. ""I also found that [Ethicon] engaged in misleading or deceptive conduct."" Katzmann said how much each woman would be entitled to in the compensation payout will be decided early next year. She began the judgement by acknowledging the impact complications associated with the devices have had on the three lead complainants in the class action. Katzmann detailed how Kathryn Gill had been fitted with ""a large quantity of polypropylene mesh"" known as ""Prolift Total"" to treat vaginal prolapse, which she sustained after the birth of her second child. Six months after she got the Ethicon device in 2007, Gill ""could feel something sharp inside her vagina and a tearing sensation resulting in sharp pain"", Katzmann said. ""The mesh had eroded and a piece of mesh was piercing the front wall of her vagina,"" Katzmann told the court, adding that Gill had undergone three surgeries to remove po",health
"WASHINGTON — House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is refusing to send the articles of impeachment over to the Senate until she gets more information about how the trial will be run. The House voted to impeach President Donald Trump for abuse of power and obstruction of Congress Wednesday, but Pelosi is not obligated to immediately send the articles of impeachment over to the Senate and she said Thursday she will not do so — nor will she appoint impeachment managers (House members who will serve as prosecutors) — until Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell clarifies what the trial will look like. This means the articles of impeachment could sit in limbo through the holiday break or even longer. “The next thing for us will be when we see the process that is set forth in the Senate. Then we'll know the number of managers that we may have to go forward and who we would choose,” Pelosi said at her weekly press conference Thursday. The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. It was a slight walk-back of comments the speaker made immediately following the vote late Wednesday night. “We cannot name managers until we see what the process is on the Senate side,” she said Wednesday night. “So far we haven’t seen anything that looks fair to us. So hopefully it will be fair. And when we see what that is, we’ll send our managers.” It’s not clear whether this is a temporary delay or if Pelosi is siding with some members of her caucus who want to hold back the articles indefinitely until they get assurances that the Senate will hold a fair trial that includes hearing from new witnesses. Those pushing for holding on to the articles say the point isn’t so much about putting pressure on McConnell but putting pressure on Trump by withholding the acquittal he seeks. “What do you think is going to happen if",politics
"The log-in credentials for 3,672 Ring camera owners were compromised this week, exposing log-in emails, passwords, time zones, and the names people give to specific Ring cameras, which are often the same as camera locations, such as “bedroom” or “front door.” Using the log-in email and password, an intruder could access a Ring customer’s home address, telephone number, and payment information, including the kind of card they have, and its last four digits and security code. An intruder could also access live camera footage from all active Ring cameras associated with an account, as well as a 30- to 60-day video history, depending on the user’s cloud storage plan. We don’t know how this tranche of customer information was leaked. Ring denies any claims that the data was compromised as a part of a breach of Ring’s systems. A Ring spokesperson declined to tell BuzzFeed News when it became aware of the leak or whether it affected a third party that Ring uses to provide its services. “Ring has not had a data breach. Our security team has investigated these incidents and we have no evidence of an unauthorized intrusion or compromise of Ring’s systems or network,” the spokesperson said. “It is not uncommon for bad actors to harvest data from other company's data breaches and create lists like this so that other bad actors can attempt to gain access to other services.” It is not clear what “other company's data breaches” the spokesperson was referring to. The Ring spokesperson added that the company will notify customers who were affected and require them to reset their passwords. An affected customer told BuzzFeed News that they received a notice on Dec. 18. Security experts told BuzzFeed News that the format of the leaked data — which includes username, password, camera name, and time zone in a standardized format — suggests it was taken from a company database. They said data obtained via credential stuffing —when previously-compromised emails and passwords are used to g",tech
"The world is on track to warm by a potentially catastrophic 3.4 to 3.9 degrees Celsius by 2100, according to a dire new United Nations report analyzing current climate policies. The UN “Emissions Gap Report 2019,” published on Tuesday, highlighted the urgent need for aggressive policies to curb emissions. “We have to learn from our procrastination. Any further delay brings the need for larger, more expensive and unlikely cuts,” Inger Andersen, executive director of the United Nations Environment Program, wrote in the report’s foreword. “We cannot afford to fail.” The amount of greenhouse gas emissions is continuing to build up in the atmosphere year after year, hitting a record high of 55.3 gigatons of climate pollution (measured in “carbon dioxide equivalent”) in 2018. The only way to prevent the most catastrophic climate impacts is to quickly reverse this trend, a challenge that only gets harder the longer countries wait to take action. The Paris climate agreement, signed by hundreds of countries in 2015, aimed to limit future warming to 1.5 to 2 degrees Celsius below pre-industrial levels. Since then, the stakes have only risen. Scientists have learned the climate is changing faster than previously thought, and that even a slight increase in global temperatures could result in massive coral reef die-offs. An increase in extreme weather events is already hurting the economy. The annual UN report, which measures how far off-track the world is from meeting its climate goals, concluded that global greenhouse gas emissions must drop 7.5% each year over the next decade to limit warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius, or 2.7% each year to limit warming to 2 degrees Celsius. If the world had taken stronger climate action in 2010, by contrast, countries would have only had to cut emissions 0.7% a year to meet the 2-degree target and 3.3% to hit the 1.5-degree goal. The Group of 20 (G20) countries account for most — about 78% — of the world’s emissions. While in 2009 the group ple",science
"Every Wednesday night, right around 7 p.m., thousands of Bible studies are starting in churches across the country. The lighting is generally bad, the coffee weak, and the furniture aging. Everyone’s tired from the workday, and not necessarily ready for a close study of Paul’s Letter to the Galatians. But the midweek Bible study is a standard of contemporary American Christianity, a spiritual and community check-in. On Wednesday night at Jubilee Baptist Church in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, a group sits around the same sort of rickety conference table you’d find in churches all over the town, the state, the country. In the cabinets behind them, there are old Baptist tracts and stacks of New Testaments with covers declaring GOOD NEWS AMERICA, GOD LOVES YOU. But no one’s reading Galatians tonight. They’re reading Karl Marx. “Let’s go around and introduce ourselves,” says Joe Stapleton, the high school English teacher leading the class. “Names, pronouns, how you’re feeling.” Everyone opens their handouts — a section of Marx’s Capital, with handy summaries and annotations. They work slowly through the idea of use value versus exchange value and commodity fetishism. It’s most people’s first time with the material, and it’s admittedly a slog. At one point, after a particularly theoretical passage, someone exclaimed, “What the hell did I just read?” But Stapleton is a clear and patient teacher. On “deskilling,” he explains: “It makes it so that any worker can be plugged into any job, so that if you want to unionize, they can say, ‘Oh, fuck off.’” On the way we talk about “the economy,” as if it were a natural force, he elaborates: “People make it sound like it’s some monster living in the woods that you have to make sacrifices to, but the economy is just us. How am I doing? That’s how the economy is really doing.” When he says that the way capital works in our lives is outside our individual control, but not our collective control, there’s a soft shout from across the roo",reader
"Some common symptoms and reactions to endometriosis include extremely painful menstrual cramps, chronic pain in your back and pelvis, pain during sex, digestive problems, miscarriage, and infertility. Halsey isn't the only celebrity to speak out about the effects of endometriosis. Gabrielle Union, Padma Lakshmi, Julianne Hough, and others have all spoken candidly about the disorder. Last night, Halsey took to Twitter to shut down pregnancy rumors that recently began circulating. A paparazzi photo was taken of Halsey and Evan Peters out in Santa Monica on Sunday. The couple is seen with their hands on Halsey's stomach. This photo is what ignited the pregnancy rumors. Halsey initially denied the rumors, revealing the hand placement was a result of her eating pancakes despite her gluten allergy. She then continued to mock the rumors with a joke. Earlier today, the ""Graveyard"" singer revisited the topic to open up about the detrimental effects pregnancy speculations and pregnancy questions carry. Halsey said rumors like these are ""really inappropriate."" And reproductive health is something that Halsey has spoken out about before. For those who don't know, Halsey has endometriosis, which is when ""tissue similar to the lining of the uterus is found outside of the uterus in other parts of the body."" The 25-year-old singer-songwriter has opened up about the effects that endometriosis has had on her life in the past, discussing her miscarriages and the multiple surgeries she has had to have. Because pregnancy is a very intimate matter, speculating on someone's situation without knowing their circumstances can be viewed as rude and definitely an invasion of privacy. Many people have rallied behind Halsey to defend and/or agree with her sentiments: At the end of the day, you never know what another person is going through, especially when it comes to pregnancy. Thank you to Halsey for reminding us all of this. #Halsey #Endometriosis",health
"WASHINGTON — Senators have been privately criticizing one of Washington’s most popular museums for “sanitizing” an exhibit on the CIA torture program, leading the tourist attraction to quietly change part of the display in recent months. In the spring, the International Spy Museum reopened at a sleeker, more spacious location just off the National Mall. It features a new exhibit on the Bush-era torture program that uses a replica of a waterboard and cartoonlike illustrations to depict the agency’s brutal techniques. BuzzFeed News observed a child lying on the waterboard in June when first visiting the museum. It also makes no mention of a voluminous report by the Senate Intelligence Committee that found that the so-called enhanced interrogation program was ineffective and did not produce any ""unique"" and ""valuable"" intelligence. Instead, the exhibit asks whether torture works and includes video of those who ran the program defending it. Since then, former military and intelligence personnel, as well as human rights advocates, have railed against the exhibit’s both-sides approach. Alka Pradhan, an attorney for a Guantánamo detainee who's facing a 9/11 war crimes tribunal and was subjected to torture at a CIA black site prison, has even called it “CIA propaganda.” But behind the scenes, senators who backed the 2014 torture report have also been waging a campaign to have the exhibit changed, according to previously undisclosed letters obtained by BuzzFeed News. The push shows how a polished multimillion-dollar space meant to be a gathering spot for veterans of the intelligence world has transformed into a sore spot for some key figures in the community. In May, after the museum reopened, two top Democrats on the committee wrote to museum leadership and expressed concern about the failure to include the 2014 report, saying “the historical accuracy of the exhibit would greatly benefit” from its inclusion. “Moreover, we are concerned the museum exhibit does not accurately",politics
"Baby Yoda as the Joker. The implication of what's about to happen between Shaggy and Scooby-Doo. This Furby. This TikTok of a man eating beans. These cool speakers. The Joker in a gamer chair. This influencer tagging brands in a photo at the 9/11 Memorial. This cooking tutorial. This mother's discovery. The clam chowder popsicle. This Jar Jar Binks tattoo. This coin purse. The cumpkin. What someone did to this Isabelle Amiibo. This pottery video. The live-action Sonic fleshlight. This tweet from Walmart's official account. This comic. This pineapple slice. Nigel Thornberry Chris Evans. This bar of soap. This Simpsons TikTok. This picture of Yoda. This YouTuber's denial. The wasp cum jar. The guy who shit himself jumping off a bridge. Belle Delphine selling her bathwater. This mint chocolate, broccoli, and pineapple pizza. This sexy Momo. This TikTok. This doge meme about wanting to fuck feet. This cover of Lizzo's ""Truth Hurts."" This drawing of Sonic. This My Little Pony hoodie. This picture of Peppa Pig. This explanation of how San Francisco gets its fog. This YouTube comment left by a confused grandmother. This furry's military send-off. This drawing of Elon Musk as Sailor Mars. This tweet. This picture of a guy titty-fucking a Juul. The Twitter logo, but sexy. This Facebook comment. Smooth Bernie. This picture of Alvin and the Chipmunks. This nail art. This meme about AirPods. This video about eating spaghetti. This woman whose friend found something in a dildo... ...that turned out to be a dead spider. This picture of Sonic.",tech
"When Amber Freed first told doctors her baby boy wasn’t able to move his hands, they said that wasn’t possible. Freed had given birth to twins in March 2017. While her baby girl, Riley, squirmed and babbled and crawled through the first year of her life, her fraternal twin, Maxwell, was different. He didn’t crawl or babble like Riley did. “I would fill out their baby books each month, and Riley had met all of these milestones. Maxwell didn’t reach one,” she said. Most alarmingly, however, Freed noticed that he never moved his hands. She knew the news was going to be bad when they sent her to the “sad room” at the hospital, a featureless conference space filled with grim-faced doctors, to hear the diagnosis. “You take your baby to the doctor and you say, ‘He can’t move his hands.’ And they look at you and they say, ‘Of course he can,’” said Freed. “Then they look for themselves, and you can see from the look on their faces that they have never seen anything like this.” On June 14, 2018, at the Children's Hospital Colorado in Denver, Maxwell was diagnosed with a genetic disease called SLC6A1. The diagnosis explained why the infant hadn’t moved his hands or learned how to speak for the first year of his life, while Riley was thriving. But it didn’t explain much else: All the doctors who diagnosed Maxwell knew about the genetic disease came from a single five-page study published in 2014, the year of its discovery. It was too rare to even have a name, she was told, so the doctors just called it by the name of the affected gene: SLC6A1. Now her 2½-year-old son is at the center of a multimillion-dollar race against time, one that’s come to include genetics researchers whom Freed personally recruited, paid for by $1 million that Freed and her husband, Mark, have raised themselves. At the center of their research will be specially crafted mutant mice that Freed paid scientists in China to genetically alter to have the same disease as Maxwell. The four mice are scheduled to ",science
"Today Pete Buttigieg is polling within the top four candidates nationally and first in Iowa (if near-last among millennials), but back in March, when he first made his case to a national audience during a CNN town hall, “Mayor Pete” was still a nobody. Moderator Jake Tapper asked Buttigieg, who had served as the openly gay mayor of South Bend, Indiana, during now-vice president Mike Pence’s tenure as the state’s governor, whether Pence would make a better president than Donald Trump. In his answer, Buttigieg took the assumptions the evangelical right often makes about gay people — that we’re conniving, amoral perverts — and deftly redirected them toward Pence himself. Pence, who has an extensive anti-LGBTQ record, seemingly “stopped believing in scripture when he started believing Donald Trump,” the mayor mused, making clear that his own interpretation of the Bible is very different than Pence’s: “It’s about protecting the stranger and the prisoner and the poor person … and his has a lot more to do with sexuality and a certain view of rectitude."" Buttigieg implied that Pence was using Christianity to carry out his own weird obsession with, and criminalization of, other people’s private intimacies — which would make him quite a hypocrite since he’s now “the cheerleader for the porn star presidency.” In Buttigieg’s rendering, Pence wasn’t the wholesome, Christian family man with good old-fashioned charitable values. Buttigieg was. I admired Buttigieg’s cleverness in setting up that role reversal, and apparently, so did Democratic strategists and a record number of donors. But at the same time, it unsettled me that Buttigieg’s criticism of the vice president didn’t focus directly on the devastating effects that anti-LGBTQ policies can have on the lives of gay people. Rather, Mayor Pete took the opportunity to make that case that he’s a better Pence than Pence is: a better Christian, a better family member, a better man. To me, and to a lot of other gay progressives — f",reader
"Halsey and Evan Peters have only been dating for two months and rumors about the couple are already swirling around the internet. Over the weekend, Halsey and Evan enjoyed a chill Sunday in Santa Monica together, as they strolled the streets and enjoyed a smooch at the beach. But it was this paparazzi photo from that Sunday that had people talking. Halsey is seen gazing passionately into Evan's eyes, as they both touch her stomach. So obviously the first thought that popped into people's minds was: SHE'S PREGNANT!! But before the rumors could get too out of hand, the ""Graveyard"" singer quickly shut them down. She joked about it on Twitter. Halsey explained the stomach touching was a result of her eating pancakes with gluten, despite being allergic. So she could've been dealing with an upset stomach or cramps. But why was Evan touching her stomach, you ask? My guess is he was simply trying to comfort her. Looks like the only baby she's dealing with is a food baby... ...oh, and her good boy, Jagger.",health
"Joe Biden is announcing that another round of black leaders in Indiana will support his presidential campaign, a show of force as the former vice president tries to establish himself with black voters and fend off a challenge from Indiana’s own Pete Buttigieg. The campaign told BuzzFeed News that 14 more black leaders in the state would support Biden for president, including Robin Winston, former Indiana Democratic Party state chair; Jerald Harkness, a filmmaker; Lacy Johnson, an Indianapolis attorney and Democratic Party insider; Nathaniel Lee, a former state officeholder; and Tammi Davis, a Gary, Indiana, official. They joined the outspoken South Bend city councilor Oliver Davis, who made national headlines with his support of Biden last month. Others included in the endorsement announcement: the Rev. Dr. Michael J. Bluitt, general secretary of the Interdenominational Ministerial Alliance of Indiana; Ronald Covington, president of the General Missionary Baptist State Convention of Indiana; the Rev. Dr. Fitzhugh Lyons, president of the Interdenominational Ministerial Alliance of Indiana; Eugene White, former Martin University president; and community leaders Carl Drummer, TyJuan Garrett, Jeffrey Johnson, Theron Williams, and Charlitta Winston. Ordinarily such endorsements — from a Republican state that has little influence on the Democratic primary — might not rate much attention in a national presidential election. But Buttigieg’s rivals and critics trace his struggles to appeal to black voters to Indiana, where he presides as mayor over South Bend, a city that’s roughly a quarter black. Davis’s endorsement last month helped seed that narrative. “We are building a broad coalition of support to create a path to the nomination that reflects the diversity of our party and our country,” said Biden campaign manager Greg Schultz. “We are thrilled and honored to have the support of these respected leaders from Indiana, who are helping us assemble the strongest campaign i",politics
"Facebook will not be removing an ad falsely claiming that Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell endorses the impeachment of Republican President Donald Trump from its platform. The ad was posted and promoted by leftist activist Adriel Hampton, who registered as a California gubernatorial candidate in October and began running bogus political ads in an effort to test the limits of Facebook’s fact-checking policy. Hampton’s current ad, created by a volunteer video editor working for his campaign, is tagged #ThanksMitch and features footage of McConnell spliced together to make it appear the senate majority leader is calling for Trump’s impeachment. According to Facebook’s ad library, the ad has received over 1,000 impressions and was boosted for a few hundred dollars. Hampton told BuzzFeed News that he spends very little money boosting the ads with false information and typically only micro-targets journalists on Facebook. “We'll keep doing them as long as we can draw attention to Facebook's broken policies around political ads,” Hampton said of the misleading ads. “We think the net benefit outweighs them being harmful in themselves.” Facebook’s policy exempting politicians from fact-checking of their ads has been in practice since last year. It applies to politicians at the executive, national, and regional levels, including those running for office. It protects Facebook from making content moderation decisions that might drag it into a contentious presidential election in 2020 — and from taking all kinds of heat from all sides for doing so. The company currently does not allow third-party fact-checkers to use Facebook’s tools to fact-check candidates and parties. In August, the company changed its rules about misinformation and gave third-party fact-checkers the power to remove ads that contain false statements — something many contractors only learned about in October during Mark Zuckerberg’s congressional testimony in October. Facebook’s fact-checkers ",tech
"Astronomers are worried that a small satellite swarm launched by Elon Musk's SpaceX rocket firm last week will ruin deep space observations of distant stars and galaxies. And they are letting people know about it. On Nov. 11, SpaceX launched 60 ""Starlink"" satellites into low-earth orbit, bringing its total constellation size to 122 — already one of the largest satellite networks in space. The company plans to eventually launch 12,000 of the small broadband satellites by the mid-2020s in order to deliver global high-speed internet from space. The project is slated to cost $10 billion. And astronomers are worried the thousands of shiny objects will clutter their observations of the sky, based on the early returns from the latest launch, which set a train of satellites on course for final orbits 340 miles high at a 53 degree inclination with the equator. ""Satellite constellations can pose a significant or debilitating threat to important existing and future astronomical infrastructures,"" the International Astronomical Union said in a statement last June. The IAU said that reflected sunlight from the satellites will damage the sensitive optics of large observatory telescopes, and also interfere with new radio astronomy facilities. The National Radio Astronomy Observatory also said it was having ""fruitful"" discussions with SpaceX about minimizing interference with its observations from Starlink satellites. Musk has acknowledged astronomer's concerns in a tweet, and said he was asking engineers to reduce the reflectivity of the satellites to lessen their impact on astronomy. More recently, the American Astronomical Society voiced concern about the sheer number of planned satellites overwhelming the night sky and leading to space collisions, filling valuable orbits with dangerous debris. SpaceX competitor OneWeb is planning its own giant constellation of broadband satellites starting in 2020. Astronomers have little legal recourse for the light pollution from the satellite",science
"In 2010, Kris Jenner made a bold prediction. When a Los Angeles Times reporter asked her where she thought her family would be in 10 years, she replied, “It’s Keeping Up with the Kardashians Season 24. Kylie” — then 12 years old — “gets married.” By now, the Kardashians have been an omnipresent cultural force for so long that it’s easy to forget that their place in the firmament used to look much more precarious. But in 2010, KUWTK was only a few seasons old, and there was no precedent for the kind of star the Kardashian sisters were becoming. The word “influencer” didn’t exist yet; Twitter was still for nerds, and Instagram wouldn’t launch until October of that year. As far as most people were concerned, the Kardashians were destined to be flashes in the reality TV pan, pretty party girls who would fizzle and then fade the way Kim Kardashian West’s one-time boss, Paris Hilton, already had. Instead, Kris and her children took advantage of the fast-evolving world of social media and personal branding and built a veritable empire, which now includes a billion-dollar makeup company, at least five clothing lines, eight spinoff shows, and nine grandchildren who seem poised to carry the torch — 1-year-old True will apparently soon be starring alongside her mother, Khloé Kardashian, in a show called Khloé and True Take the World. Nine-year-old Mason, Kourtney Kardashian’s oldest, is already doing confessional interviews on KUWTK. At present, Kris is reportedly negotiating a $300 million deal for the next Keeping Up With the Kardashians contract, doubling the $150 million they received in 2017. So while she got some of the details wrong back in 2010 — next year will bring Season 18, not 24, and Kylie Jenner recently split from Travis Scott, the father of her 1-year-old daughter, Stormi — in all the important ways, Kris was right on the money. She almost always is. Kris’s instincts have been nothing less than decade-defining: Under her watchful eye and careful management, he",reader
"This bride who brought in the photo on the left for her wedding hair, but got the photo on the right: This girl who wanted curls like the pic on the left, but left the salon looking like the pic on the right: This guy who took in the pic on the left, but stepped outside looking like the pic on the right: This girl who wanted the ashy color on the left, but ended up with the myriad of colors on the right: This girl who wanted mermaid hair like the pic on the left, but ended up with the hair on the right: This person who wanted the design on the left for their undercut, but ended up with the one on the right: This girl who wanted to be a platinum blonde, but got yellow locks instead: This person who wanted balayage hair, but got the uneven color that is shown on the right: And this girl who also wanted balayage hair, but got whatever happened on the right instead: The guy who wanted the part line on the left, but got the wide part line on the right: This person who wanted her hair colored as shown on the left, but got the fried bleach hair on the right: This girl who wanted loose purple curls, but got the faded hint of purple and black that is happening on the right: This girl who wanted her hair cut evenly like it looks on the left, but instead got the botched cut on the right: This girl who wanted the highlights on the left, but got them halfway down as shown on the right: This girl who wanted the hair color on the left, but got something very different – on the right: And this girl who wanted the bob shown on the left, but got the ""let me speak to the manager"" cut on the right: The best thing about hair? IT GROWS BACK! H/T: Expectation vs Reality",health
"President Donald Trump did not want to leave the stage. For just over two hours on Wednesday night, he regaled a crowd in Michigan with tales of light bulbs and showers, how great he was doing in the polls, how newspapers run fake polls, his favorite Fox News hosts, his least favorite cable channels, the economy, electric cars, Bill Clinton, and Tom Cruise (“good guy, by the way”). Once he left the stage, the roar of the adoring crowd would be gone and he’d have to face the fact that minutes after he began speaking, he’d become the third president ever to be impeached by the House of Representatives. Each time it seemed Trump was barreling toward the “and we will make America great again” that is his hallmark rally sign-off, he veered into another tangent — how he could be loved in Germany, his parents, NATO. It was the longest rally he has held since being sworn in as president. Many of us watch these rallies to see Trump unhinged, particularly at moments of high stress. This time he’s really gonna let it rip! But what they really show is Trump at his most banal. Yes, he lashed out at impeachment, as he has before. “The Democrats,” he said, “are declaring their deep hatred and disdain for the American voter,” he said, reading off the teleprompter. He called the process “a political suicide march” for the Democratic Party, a “perversion.” “They don’t even have any crime!” But mainly Trump was mean and petty. He joked that John Dingell, a member of Congress who died in February, might be in hell (his wife said, in response, that “you have brought me down in a way you can never imagine” as she prepared for her “first holiday season without the man I love”). He said Rep. Adam Schiff “is not exactly the best-looking guy we’ve ever seen,” seconds after saying that “with #MeToo, I never think about looks anymore.” He called out Rep. Carolyn Maloney, a New York Democrat who he says he used to donate to, and who voted for impeachment, calling her “a longtime nothing much” a",politics
"Eight lawmakers sent a letter to the Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson today demanding information about the deployment of facial recognition technology in federally assisted housing. Signed by Sens. Ron Wyden, Kamala Harris, and Cory Booker, among others, the letter expresses concern that facial recognition might be used to enable “invasive, unnecessary and harmful government surveillance” of people who live in public housing. The federal government does not currently regulate the use of facial recognition at all. HUD, similarly, has no regulations on the use of facial recognition in public housing. “Those who cannot afford more do not deserve less in basic privacy and protections,” the letter reads. “They should not have to compromise their civil rights and liberties nor accept the condition of indiscriminate, sweeping government surveillance to find an affordable place to live.” The letter asks how many public housing properties have used facial recognition in the last five years and whether any federal money has gone toward the purchase of facial recognition technology. It also asks whether the HUD has any policies to regulate the use of facial recognition in public housing and whether the department has conducted any research on the technology or its use in public housing. Finally, it notes growing scientific evidence that facial recognition has high rates of inaccuracy and mismatching, especially for women, people of color, and gender-nonconforming individuals. “These false and biased judgments can exacerbate the vulnerabilities that marginalized groups already face in life, such as the overcriminalization of people of color and transgender individuals,” the letter says. “Potential sharing of this data, particularly with law enforcement, further heightens concerns about the risk this technology poses to vulnerable communities.” The lawmakers who signed the letter — who also include Sens. Sherrod Brown and Ed Markey, as well as Re",tech
"More than 900 toxic waste sites in the United States are in areas at risk of climate disasters, a new government analysis found, raising concerns about the potential spread of dangerous contaminants. The report, released by the Government Accountability Office on Monday, also argued that the Environmental Protection Agency, which is tasked with overseeing the cleanup of these sites, should be doing more to protect them against climate hazards. After Hurricane Harvey dropped record levels of rain on the Houston area, resulting in one especially toxic site in the city springing a leak, the GAO agreed to investigate how vulnerable other toxic sites across the nation are to extreme weather. “We can no longer ignore the fact that the climate crisis is here and it’s in our backyard,” Sen. Kamala Harris, a California Democrat and one of the members of Congress that pushed GAO to investigate the issue, said in a statement emailed to BuzzFeed News. “This report underscores that protecting our communities requires us to demand that the EPA incorporates climate change into its cleanup plans for current and future Superfund sites.” Using federal climate data, the GAO has analyzed potential risks posed to 1,571 toxic zones, called Superfund sites, located across the US and its territories. The government watchdog group’s analysis found 945 of the sites, or about 60%, were at risk of at least one of the following hazards: wildfires, flooding, storm surge, or sea level rise. Climate-linked flooding poses the most widespread threat, imperiling more than 700 Superfund sites on the coast and in the middle of the country. According to the Fourth National Climate Assessment, climate change is already making storms wetter and more frequent, and rising seas have already contributed to an increase in flooding from high tides in certain communities. The big concern is that climate disasters could damage the toxic waste sites “and lead to releases of contaminants that pose risks to human he",science
"Bombshell, the new Jay Roach movie about the women of Fox News who took down chair Roger Ailes, unveils its story almost like a procedural. If you’ve been following the news the past couple of years, you probably know the outcome. In 2016, Fox anchor Gretchen Carlson sued Ailes for sexual harassment, setting off a chain reaction of other women’s accusations — including, most prominently, Megyn Kelly’s — which culminated with his ouster from the network he helped build. The movie focuses on the lead-up to those events, following Carlson and Kelly as they decide to build the case against Ailes and as they maneuver through the media and career fallout that came from their allegations. The film is one of the more stylish entries in the burgeoning genre of explainer movies that, in breaking down Big, Serious Topics, become awards season darlings. Bombshell is already getting Oscar buzz; it’s loaded with major star power: Nicole Kidman plays Carlson, Charlize Theron stars as Kelly, and Margot Robbie is a fictionalized (and, spoiler alert, queer) Fox producer among the lower ranks. It’s also being received as a kind of #MeToo movie about women finding their voice in the Trump era — and calling out institutions that ignore or outright support abuse and harassment. That this film depicting the realities of harassment was even made is noteworthy, and Theron, who is also a producer on the film, recently spoke about some of the difficulties in pursuing the project after some of the film’s initial backers pulled out. In some ways, the film complicates the “lean-in women’s empowerment” narratives that permeate Hollywood and the media, especially through its representation of Kelly and the fictional producer. But by failing to bring race into its analysis, it falls into the same simplistic empowerment narrative, though now with a queer twist. Bombshell is rare for a big production in that it’s focused on gender and power in a corporation, but it doesn’t really provide a more nuanc",reader
,health
"History was made on Wednesday night in Washington, DC, when Donald Trump became just the third US president to be impeached. But House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was insistent that none of her fellow Democrats would be seen applauding the result. After she announced the final tally on the first article of impeachment, officially charging Trump with abusing the power of his office, some in the House of Representatives chamber began applauding. Pelosi, who has been eager to set a somber tone and not be seen celebrating the impeachment process, immediately turned to Democrats on her right and urged them to stop. Republicans to the left in the chamber then jeered, but Pelosi moved quickly to have the lawmakers vote on the second article of impeachment, which charged Trump with obstructing Congress for directing executive branch agencies and officials not to comply with congressional subpoenas. Both Democrats and Republicans had been hoping to present a united front on the vote, and the one present vote by Democrat Rep. Tulsi Gabbard appeared to take Pelosi by surprise. The Hawaii lawmaker and contender for the Democratic nomination for president had been out of the public eye before Wednesday night amid speculation about how she might ultimately vote. When Pelosi announced the one present vote, she paused for a beat and clenched her jaw, looking down. Pelosi returned to her somber tone in her post-impeachment press conference. ""December 18th,"" she said, ""a great day for the Constitution of the United States; a sad one for America that the president's reckless activities necessitated us having to introduce articles of impeachment."" The second article of impeachment charged Trump with obstructing Congress. An earlier version of this post misstated the charge. CORRECTION",politics
"This August, Molly Stillman logged on to her lifestyle blog to update a few popular old posts, freshening them up so they would continue to attract traffic from Pinterest and search engines. She was horrified at what she discovered. “There were [links] for, you know, anal bleaching, which is apparently a thing. I mean, just truly, incredibly inappropriate things. And there was even some links to Russian pornography sites. I mean, we're talking about horrible, horrible things. And it was written into my content.” Stillman, who lives in North Carolina, has been blogging about family, faith, and fashion since 2007. Her site is an important source of income, and someone hacking into her blog to add text and links left her reeling. All the more so given the subject matter. Stillman hired a security company to clean up the posts and identify the source of the intrusion. It determined someone hacked her site, which runs on the open source version of WordPress, by finding a way in through the administrator login. The culprit inserted content and links into 500 of the roughly 2,000 posts Stillman published over the past 12 years. “I'll be honest. It's been a nightmare,” she said. “It's been an absolute nightmare.” What happened to Stillman was not an isolated incident. Websites of all types and sizes, and especially those that use the open-source version of WordPress, are hacked to inject links to manipulate search engine results. A BuzzFeed News investigation reveals how injected links are sold by global networks of online marketplaces and black hat SEO consultants who offer customers the ability to have links placed on compromised websites. Among those affected are journalists, celebrities, churches, charities, veterans organizations, and the managing director of Peter Thiel’s venture capital firm. Injected backlinks on these compromised sites quickly improve the search engine rankings of customers’ web properties by exploiting Google's preference for sites that receive a ",tech
"Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren is taking on big oil’s legacy of climate misinformation in her latest presidential plan, proposing to punish companies that knowingly mislead or lie to federal agencies with steep fines and jail time. Warren’s plan has at least one visible target: ExxonMobil. The oil giant’s own scientists confirmed in the 1970s and ‘80s that fossil fuels have contributed to global warming. Then the company shuttered its climate research and embraced a public relations campaign to spread doubt about climate science and fund climate change denial. “My plan to End Washington Corruption prevents companies like Exxon from using industry-funded fake research to mislead federal regulators,” Warren wrote in a new plan released on Tuesday morning. “And if bad actors like Exxon break the rules and deliberately lie to government agencies, my plan will treat them the same way the law treats someone who lies in court – by subjecting them to potential prosecution for perjury.” Warren’s latest plan formally merges her climate agenda with her anti-corruption proposals, which have been the centerpiece of her presidential campaign. She has already proposed spending at least $3 trillion on climate action, including banning fossil fuel development on public lands, tackling environmental justice as part of the Green New Deal, and embracing many of former presidential candidate Jay Inslee’s ideas for cutting climate pollution in the building, transportation, and electricity sectors. Warren’s attack on Exxon comes on the heels of recent Congressional hearings digging into the company’s sketchy climate history. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, one of the most high-profile progressives in Congress, repeatedly grilled former Exxon scientists about their climate work. And the New York Attorney General recently took Exxon to trial, alleging the company misled investors about its climate risk; the New York Supreme Court has not yet issued a verdict in the case. Last month, the",science
"Sarah M. Broom rarely references Hurricane Katrina by name in her bracing debut memoir about her family and the little yellow house they owned in New Orleans East. Instead she refers to Katrina as the Water, giving the hurricane — which killed more than a thousand people and displaced thousands more — an almost biblical weight. It’s fitting. Katrina was a life-altering event for her family; it created a Before and an After. Broom gives both of these halves equal weight in The Yellow House, starting with her grandmother, who was sent away to live in a boarding house in the early 1900s and continuing on until the present day. The youngest of 12 children, Broom excavates her family history, relying on interviews and historical records to create a compelling story about a black working-class family struggling to make ends meet. Writing with extraordinary grace and thoughtfulness, she brings to vigorous life various members of her family — her fashionista sister, Lynette; her protective older brother, Carl; and her dainty mother, Ivory Mae. She also places her family history within the larger history of New Orleans, stripping the city of its mythos and thus making this memoir more ambitious, more definitive than most memoirs typically are. “This is the place to which I belong,” Broom writes toward the end of the book, “but much of what is great and praised about the city comes at the expense of its native black people, who are, more often than not, underemployed, underpaid, sometimes suffocated by the mythology that hides the city’s dysfunction and hopelessness.” Get your copy now. —Tomi Obaro “The internet was teeming with weirdos and extremists; I tried to keep up with most of them,” writes Andrew Marantz in his new book. The New Yorker staff writer has done more than keep up — since 2011 he’s capaciously chronicled a new generation of conservative extremists like Richard Spencer and the platforms like Reddit where their ideas have circulated. Now he’s assembled all th",reader
"Good lord 🥵. A full six-pack! Halle's been putting in the work and it shows. Suddenly I'm inspired to hit the gym. Halle Berry has always been goals but, like fine wine, the actor continues to prove that she only gets better with time. On Friday, Halle shared a photo of her abs on Instagram, and let's just say I've never felt lazier in my life: Let's just count the abs I spy with my little eye, shall we? In her caption, the 53-year-old revealed that she aimed to get ""ripped abs"" for her upcoming film, Bruised. ""I finally got them, and it feels unbelievable!"" she shared. Halle also encouraged her 5.7 million followers to share their fitness goals and then set the bar even higher. ""HOLD yourself to it,"" she wrote. ""The work won't be easy, but the payoff? Worth every damn second."" I wasn't the only one feeling motivated and in awe by Halle's post. Several fans and celebrities commented on the pic, including Michael B. Jordan, Mindy Kaling, and Gabrielle Union: Thanks, Halle, for providing the inspo for my 2020 fitness goals 💪🏾🏋🏾‍♀️.",health
"WASHINGTON — Two Democrats broke with their party and voted against impeaching President Donald Trump Wednesday night. Reps. Collin Peterson of Minnesota and Jeff Van Drew of New Jersey were the only Democrats who opposed impeaching the president. But Van Drew, the party’s most vocal impeachment critic, plans to leave the Democratic Party in the coming days and become a Republican, after Trump made an appeal to him in a meeting last week. Another Democrat, Maine Rep. Jared Golden, voted yes on impeaching Trump for abuse of power, but voted no on impeaching him for obstruction of Congress. Hawaii Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, who is running for the Democratic nomination for president in 2020, voted present on both articles. Van Drew and Peterson were the only Democrats to break with their party on an October vote to formalize the impeachment inquiry. Peterson said in the days leading up to the vote that he would likely oppose the articles of impeachment as well, while Van Drew planned to leave the party. Peterson said he, too, was approached about switching parties by “the highest levels of the Republican party” in the lead-up to the impeachment vote, but decided against it. Peterson, one of the most conservative Democrats in the House, was first elected in 1991. He, unlike most of his colleagues, supports giving Trump money to build a wall on the Southern border and is staunchly anti-abortion. He maintains an A rating from the National Rifle Association and beat his Republican opponent by about four points in 2018. Van Drew told reporters after Wednesday night's vote that he had attended Republicans' caucus meeting that morning, but that he is currently still a Democrat. He said he would update reporters in the next few days about the party-switch. Van Drew added that Republican members have been “very nice” and ""very supportive."" He stood with other Republicans during House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy's speech against impeachment. ""This isn’t about liking or not liking Do",politics
"Facebook's growth at any cost mentality has birthed innumerable scandals over the past decade — election meddling, political discord, privacy invasion. Yet today, after repeated apologies and promises to do better, that mentality remains largely unchanged. BuzzFeed News has learned the company continues to evaluate and compensate product managers based mostly on their ability to grow its products, with little regard to the impact of those products on the world. In fact, for Facebook, the very word “impact” is often defined by internal growth rather than external consequences and it uses growth metrics as key criteria for evaluating performance and determining compensation changes. This emphasis on growth, particularly as it’s tied to performance evaluation, encourages Facebook’s employees to focus on growth above all else, sources close to the company told BuzzFeed News. “Working at Facebook made me aware of how you can reprogram humans,” one ex–product manager who recently left the company said. “It's hard to believe that you could get humans to override all of their values that they came in with. But with a system like this, you can. I found that a bit terrifying.” The system this product manager described — a source of concern among others who have worked for the company — has two main components: Facebook’s data science team and its performance evaluation system. The company’s data science team has years of data at its disposal, which it uses to pinpoint how much a team should grow a product it’s working on. Facebook’s product teams use that information to set goals every six months as part of a “roadmap planning” process. The criterion is typically growth, though there are sometimes other goals as well, like reducing harmful behavior on its service. Facebook calls its product managers’ ability to hit their metric “impact,” and impact can count for high percentages of product managers’ evaluations, though it varies by position and level. At the end of the evalua",tech
"Federal health officials linked vitamin E acetate to a nationwide outbreak of deadly vaping-related lung injuries on Friday after finding the oil in the lungs of patients in a 10-state sample. ""For the first time, we have a definite contaminant of concern: vitamin E acetate,"" Anne Schuchat, principal deputy director of the CDC, told reporters in a telephone briefing, calling the study a breakthrough in the outbreak investigation that has been underway since August. On Thursday, the CDC reported more than 2,000 cases of vaping-related lung injuries in the last three months, including 39 deaths, in the 49-state outbreak. The injuries are marked by severe shortness of breath, pneumonia-like symptoms, and a rapid onset — largely seen among young people who had vaped THC, the ingredient in marijuana that gets you high. In the new study reported by the CDC on Friday, investigators looked at fluid from the lungs of 29 patients. All of them had vitamin E acetate in their lung fluid samples. No other suspected oils or plant material seen in the vaping liquid cartridges turned up in detectable amounts. Found in hand lotion, food, and vitamin pills, the oil had already come up in some state investigations of illicit vaping pods linked to the cases, notably in New York. But the new results are the first to detect the substance in patients' lungs. It has apparently been added to vaping liquids to improve appearance and dilute the THC sold by dealers. ""There's a big difference between rubbing it on your hands or swallowing a vitamin E pill and inhaling aerosolized vitamin E acetate,"" said Schuchat, noting past studies linking its high-temperature vaporized form to pneumonia and reduced lung function. Jennifer Layden of the Illinois Department of Public Health told reporters that, in a related survey of 4,000 people who vape in her state, people with lung injuries were nine times more likely to have vaped illicit liquids bought from friends or on the street, and were eight times m",science
"In the opening monologue for his recent SNL hosting gig, One Directioner–turned–retro rock star Harry Styles mocked his own pop stardom. ""I'm a very serious musician,” he explained, strolling over to a piano, wearing a revealing open-necked shirt and (characteristically bright) yellow pants. “And nothing says serious musician like talking while playing the piano.” As he played, Harry joked about being grown in a test tube by pop kingmaker Simon Cowell, emphasized the importance of fantastic hair, and punctuated the monologue by standing up to swivel his hips while giving jazz hands. Styles’ appearance was promoting the forthcoming release of his sophomore album, Fine Line, dropping December 13. His winking self-awareness about the narratives swirling around him speak more broadly to why he was picked to be SNL host in the first place, and why he has emerged as one of the most attention-getting boy banders gone solo. Initially, it seemed like it was Zayn Malik’s sexy sadness that might go the distance. His first single “Pillowtalk” — which quickly zoomed to No. 1 — was a bigger hit than any Styles song so far. Other former boy banders have had more success so far, too, including unpretentiously dorky (and tastefully queerbaiting) Nick Jonas, whose career-launching signature hit “Jealous” had more legs and ultimately made a bigger musical impact than any singles from Styles’ debut album. But it’s Styles who keeps making news. Since going solo, he’s garnered two Rolling Stone covers, was selected as a cohost for the “camp""-themed Met Gala earlier this year, introduced Stevie Nicks at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony, and most recently, hosted — rather than just musical guesting — on SNL, a double-duty honor most recently bestowed on stars like Justin Timberlake and Chance the Rapper. Styles even galvanizes Stan Twitter so much that this summer, savvy K-pop fans made “Harry Styles going to jail” a trending topic as a way of redirecting attention to thei",reader
"In 2009, a man received a stem-cell transplant from a donor who was genetically resistant to HIV and leukemia. He became the first person to be reportedly cured of HIV. Then, again, in 2019, another individual received a stem-cell transplant that replaced their white blood cells with HIV-resistant versions and had no sign of the virus returning. In 2019, it was reported that six trial participants who were blind had received an implant that transmitted video images to their brains. The system, called Orion, works through a video camera that is attached to glasses that send footage to electrodes implanted in the visual cortex of each individual's brain, allowing them to have partial vision. In 2018 it was announced that a restaurant in China did not have human waiters and was using little robotic waiters to serve food to people instead. The robots wheel up to tables, raise their glass lids to reveal the meal, and then tell people to ""enjoy their meal."" In 2018, Dreamscape Immersive opened the first-ever cinematic VR movie experience. It is a free-roaming, interactive virtual reality simulation located at Westfield Century City in LA and NorthPark Center in Dallas, Texas. Holoride is a company working to advance the future of in-vehicle entertainment, like virtual reality experiences while driving. They used new 2020 model Ford vehicles to create the first in-car virtual reality experience in front of Universal CityWalk in LA. In 2018, Charlie Gerard was able to successfully mind-control JavaScript. For instance, she moved a 3D cube forward in her browser just by thinking about pushing it. The ""mental commands"" Charlie created are: push, pull, lift, drop, left, right, rotate left, rotate right, rotate clockwise, rotate counter-clockwise, rotate forward, rotate reverse, and disappear. British American product designer Marie-Claire Springham created a kit that allows fathers to ""chestfeed"" their children. In order to produce the milk, fathers would need to take progesti",health
"Rep. Tulsi Gabbard voted ""present"" on the articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump, one of the sharpest splits she has made with the Democratic Party while seeking its presidential nomination. ""After doing my due diligence in reviewing the 658-page impeachment report, I came to the conclusion that I could not in good conscience vote either yes or no,"" Gabbard said in a statement from her presidential campaign after the vote. Trump was impeached Wednesday night by a 230–197–1 vote in the House on the first article and 229–198–1 on the second. Almost all Democrats voted for impeachment, with all Republicans voting against. Gabbard was the only member of Congress to vote present on the articles, choosing explicitly to not vote for or against the charges, which accused Trump of abusing the power of his office and obstructing Congress. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, the star first-term representative of New York, said she was surprised by Gabbard’s present vote, and that the Hawaii representative owes it to her constituents to explain why she did not pick a side. ""Today was very consequential. And to not take a stand one way or another in a day of such grave consequence to this country is quite difficult. We’re sent here to lead,” she said. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi also appeared surprised when she read someone voted ""present"" as she gaveled out the vote on the first article. Gabbard said she is ""standing in the center"" with her present votes. ""I could not in good conscience vote against impeachment because I believe President Trump is guilty of wrongdoing,"" she said. ""I also could not in good conscience vote for impeachment because removal of a sitting President must not be the culmination of a partisan process, fueled by tribal animosities that have so gravely divided our country."" Gabbard, who is not running for reelection in Congress, has been all over the map on impeachment since the process began. In October, she appeared on Sean Hannity's Fox News show t",politics
"Young leftists are breaking down the points behind their political ideology on TikTok to make it easier for the next generation of voters to understand and get pulled into socialism. Leftist TikTok creators are booming on the platform, putting out content in just the last month that has collectively amassed hundreds of thousands of views and sparked conversations with other users about leftist movements. For some, creators told BuzzFeed News, TikTok is just an entry point to combat what they see as a battle between the populist left and right for the next generation of voters. “Yo yo yo! Inviting y’all to the motherfuckin’ revolution,” Gem Nwanne said in their rendition of a TikTok trend where creators parody party announcements over bars of a Chief Keef song. “Location? Around the world. Time? Right the fuck now! Cost? Your privilege. We talkin’ BYO skillset! No cops!” In another TikTok posted a little over a week later, Nwanne hopped on another trend where they danced to a clip of “I Gets Crazy,” a deep-cut Nicki Minaj and Lil Wayne song, while listing out the “stages of radical politicization.” In the clip, Nwanne bops to the song as the different stages of radicalized political thought pop up onscreen. In the 10 second clip, “all full-time workers should be able to afford food and shelter” quickly progresses into “take back the means of production, eat the rich & secure the safety of all people” as Nwanne dances more erratically. The video has over 195,000 views and 40,000 likes. Those audio and video give creators the freedom to twist and riff for a moment of virality, thousands of likes, or hopefully a few thousand follows from the millions of people that have logged onto the app. Nwanne said that when they first started using TikTok, they only wanted to use it to watch memes. Their friends had told them it was a funny, lighthearted space on the internet similar to Vine, which had shut down in early 2017. Since Nwanne started making their own TikToks in early ",tech
"NEW DELHI — Three Pakistani teenagers are the latest members of Gen Z to try to save the world, taking their government to court over dangerous levels of air pollution that blankets the country every year. Mishael Hyat, 17, Leila Alam, 13, and Laiba Siddiqi, 18, have accused the government of Punjab of violating their right to life and health by underreporting the severity of Lahore’s polluted air. The teenagers filed a petition with the Lahore High Court on Tuesday with their complaints, aided by Alam’s father, Ahmad Rafay Alam, who’s serving as their lawyer.Rafay told BuzzFeed News that he realized the pollution emergency Pakistanis were facing when he watched a video on Facebook, in which an interviewer went to a classroom in Lahore and asked any children who were sick to raise their hands. “It was heartbreaking. More than 90% of them were sick and had a family member that was ill because of the air too,” he said. (He was unable to relocate the video to share it with BuzzFeed News.) The air pollution emergency in Pakistan and India has become an annual event that lasts from October to January, owing in part to the burning of stubble crop by farmers in the North Indian states of Punjab and Haryana, and Pakistan’s general industrial, agricultural, and transportation practices. Warmer temperatures as a result of climate change mean that the smog hovers over this region, growing and stagnating. The situation has led to New Delhi declaring a public health emergency — schools were closed and planes were unable to land because of the pollution. Exposure to one specific type of pollution — a fine, deadly bit of matter suspended in the air, known as PM 2.5 — accounts for 1.24 million deaths in India annually, and increases the chances of contracting heart and lung diseases. Evidence suggests that pollution also leads to stunted brain development in children. The petition includes a report from Lahore’s Children’s Hospital, which states that the medical center has seen a t",science
"Before I became a full-fledged HBO Watchmen fanatic — regularly reading episode recaps, consulting the Wikipedia page for the original 1986 graphic novel by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons, placing a hold for said comic at the library, raving to my coworkers, and texting friends about each twist — I approached the show with caution. Though I still had some loyalty to Watchmen creator Damon Lindelof — whose past TV dramas, Lost and The Leftovers, I had loved and consumed with a furious delirium — I was wary of the advance press for Watchmen, which was breathless about the drama’s reckoning with race, preemptively imbuing with the show with an Importance that I found tiring and worried would be didactic. But I decided to commit to the pilot, at least, because I will watch anything starring Regina King. Now that there are only two episodes left in the season (fingers crossed that there will be a second!), I am eating my words and urging you, dear reader, to enjoy this dizzying, complicated, thrilling, poignant, hilarious, bizarre, sexy show that feels unlike anything else on television right now. That Watchmen upends some pervasive myths that comic books have helped create around the police and the American government at large — namely that both are inherently honorable institutions unblemished by white supremacy — is the icing on the cake. Watchmen is set in Tulsa, Oklahoma, in 2019, but in an alternate America. (The events of the comic take place some 34 years before.) In this new America, Robert Redford is president, Vietnam is the 51st state of the union, and police officers wear masks to hide their identities after a vicious attack by a white supremacist group called the Seventh Kavalry. There’s also a museum where you can discover the lineage of your ancestors, thanks in part to a holographic Henry Louis Gates. Regina King plays Angela Abar, a police officer, though as far as her three adopted white children know, she’s retired from the force and owns a Vietnamese ba",reader
"Emilia was diagnosed with a subarachnoid haemorrhage, which is a stroke that a third of patients can die from. ""I'd never experienced fear like that — a sense of doom closing in,"" she wrote. ""I could see my life ahead, and it wasn't worth living."" ""I am an actor; I need to remember my lines. Now I couldn't recall my name,"" Emilia said. ""In my worst moments, I wanted to pull the plug. I asked the medical staff to let me die. My job — my entire dream of what my life would be — centered on language, on communication. Without that, I was lost."" Emilia revealed that she only told the show's bosses as she didn't want her condition to be the ""subject of public discussion and dissection"". She added: ""Season two would be my worst. I didn’t know what Daenerys was doing. If I am truly being honest, every minute of every day I thought I was going to die."" Emilia said of the ambulance journey: ""They'd given me drugs so I was in less pain, wrapped me up like a tortilla and made me laugh the whole way to the hospital."" She added: ""There I was, bleeding in the brain, and there we were in this ambulance having an absolute giggle. They were so gracious."" ""I had aphasia [loss of speech], and [my mum] looked at me and went, 'Yeah, I know exactly what you mean,'"" Emilia said. ""She made me believe she understood exactly what I was saying. It was genuinely her greatest moment."" ""It's why I became ambassador to the Royal College of Nursing in 2018,"" she said. ""Nurses are the unsung heroes; they're at people's most frightening moments."" Within two weeks, Game of Thrones fans had raised more than £100,000. Emilia Clarke has opened up about how paramedics kept her calm in the back of an ambulance following two aneurysms that left part of her brain dead. Earlier this year, Emilia shared her life-threatening experience in an essay for the New Yorker, revealing that she had been rushed into hospital after a brain aneurysm in 2011 before suffering another one two years later. Emilia went as far a",health
"WASHINGTON — Donald Trump has become the third president in US history to be impeached after the House of Representatives voted Wednesday on two charges against him — abuse of power and obstruction of Congress. The House passed the first charge, accusing Trump of abusing the power of his office, Wednesday evening on a 230–197 vote. The House then passed the second article of impeachment, obstruction of Congress, on a 229–198 vote. The abuse of power article alleges that Trump pressured Ukraine to interfere in the 2020 election by withholding hundreds of millions of dollars in military aid unless the country’s president announced an investigation into former vice president Joe Biden and his family. The obstruction of Congress article is tied to Trump directing executive branch agencies and officials not to comply with congressional subpoenas. Several administration officials subsequently refused to testify during impeachment proceedings. Two Democrats voted against impeaching Trump, Reps. Collin Peterson of Minnesota and Jeff Van Drew of New Jersey, who plans to leave the Democratic Party in the coming days and become a Republican after Trump personally appealed to him. Rep. Jared Golden, a Democrat from Maine, split his vote, voting for the article on abuse of power and against the article on obstruction of Congress. No Republicans voted in favor of impeachment, but Rep. Justin Amash — an independent who left the Republican Party earlier this year after saying Trump had committed “impeachable conduct” — voted with Democrats. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, a Hawaii Democrat who is running for president, voted ""present"" on both articles. Before the votes began Wednesday evening, Rep. Adam Schiff, who as the chair of the House Intelligence Committee oversaw much of the House's impeachment investigation, said, ""What is at risk here is the very idea of America."" ""If you say the president may refuse to comply, may refuse lawful process, may coerce an ally, may cheat in an election b",politics
"Following a BuzzFeed News report, Facebook has banned several groups that promote and discuss black salve, a dangerous and unproven skin cancer treatment. The banned groups include the two largest, which had respectively around 21,000 and 12,000 members. According to Facebook, the groups were banned not for the rules prohibiting “sensational health claims,” but for violations of Facebook’s rules prohibiting “Violent and Criminal Behavior.” Black salve is a paste typically made from bloodroot and zinc chloride that is so caustic it eats away at the skin. While the medical community warns strongly against its use, a small group of people believe that it can cure skin cancer by eating away only the cancerous cells. Dr. Melanie Bui, assistant professor of dermatology at the University of Vermont Medical Center and coauthor of a paper on the dangers of black salve, told BuzzFeed News that this is not true — black salve destroys both healthy and cancerous tissue, and can even possibly mutate cancerous cells, causing normally treatable skin cancers to metastasize and spread. Black salve users risk disfiguring wounds or even death if they use it in lieu of evidence-based medical treatments. In the groups, users suggest using it for breast cancer, or even ingesting it to treat other ailments. The FDA does not allow the sale of black salve in the US, although in the Facebook groups, people shared advice on where to buy it on websites hosted outside the country and have it shipped, or traded DIY recipes. In late October, BuzzFeed News reported on how these groups flourished, even after the platform cracked down on other forms of medical misinformation like anti-vaccine pages and groups, or quack treatments like drinking bleach to “cure” autism. In the last year, Facebook rolled out a way to limit the reach of pages and groups that make “exaggerated health claims” by downranking the content and removing them as suggested items on the sidebar. At the time of the report just a fe",tech
"New Orleans has failed over the last decade to do urgently needed lead testing — claiming the water was safe even after losing track of where the city's many lead pipes are — and then buried a 2017 report that would have alerted the public to the lapse. Two years after the report was completed, officials still have not fixed the problems. And experts say the failures could have unknowingly exposed tens of thousands of people to the neurotoxin. The 84-page report, obtained by BuzzFeed News, revealed multiple violations of federal law, including the Environmental Protection Agency’s requirement that local water boards must test the water only in homes that have lead pipes. But New Orleans pipe records haven’t been updated since the early 1990s — long before Hurricane Katrina and the extensive street repairs and pipe replacements that followed. The water board wasn’t testing only homes with lead pipes as required by federal law, the report found, because it didn’t know where those lead pipes were. The water board’s “incomplete and unreliable information on the locations of lead service lines left it unable to alert citizens who might be at risk of exposure to lead in tap water,” the report said. Some Sewerage and Water Board employees — including the former executive director and the agency’s then-spokesperson — took samples from their own homes, or solicited their friends, and included them as samples from high-risk homes, raising the possibility that the water board was deliberately gaming the system to make the results look better. In 2016, about 11% of the kids under 6 in New Orleans tested for blood lead showed concentrations at or above 5 micrograms per deciliter (the CDC maintains that no level of blood lead is safe for children). That’s far higher than the national figure — 2.5% of kids between 1 and 5 — and double the rate in Flint during the water crisis there, when 5% of kids tested had blood lead levels that high. Lead is the most dangerous substance that c",science
"The greatest thing about The L Word, which ran from 2004 until 2009, is that it’s given queer women a common language. On first dates, at gay book clubs, when meeting new colleagues — in pretty much any situation where you, an awkward lesbian, are trying to reach across the void and connect with someone else who has lesbianism, if not awkwardness, in common — The L Word is an easy bet. Even if someone hasn’t seen it, their resistance to a cultural touchstone is just as fertile a topic for conversation. This is the only show, after all, to have ever focused so completely on lesbianism, to the extent that the world it created, made up of seemingly infinite queer women and, like, two men, was downright fantastical. Even 10 years later, there still hasn’t been a series quite like it. According to GLAAD’s “Where We Are on TV” report for 2019, LGBTQ representation on television is at an all-time high; almost all of those characters, though, tend to be the solitary gay in an ensemble of straight people. The shows since The L Word that have included more than a single queer person plus their rotation of partners — like The Fosters, Vida, The Bisexual, Transparent, Faking It, etc. — haven’t established nearly the same significant cultural footprint. (Though some, particularly The Bisexual, deserve to!) So it didn’t really come as a surprise when, earlier this year, Showtime announced that The L Word, with three of its main cast members, would be hitting our screens once again. L Word creator Ilene Chaiken had floated the possibility of a revival for years. “When we went off the air in 2009, I think a lot of people thought, ‘OK, the baton is passed now, and there will be lots of shows that portray lesbian life,’” she told Entertainment Weekly in 2017. “There’s really nothing. It feels like maybe it should come back.” And why not? This would be a chance for the series to atone for some of its past sins, including its crappy attitudes toward trans and bi people, the dearth of b",reader
"The Australian government had a problem. From July 2013, it had banned refugees and asylum seekers who came to Australia by boat from ever settling in the country. Instead, the thousands of men, women and children who attempted the journey across from Indonesia were sent to live in detention centres on small islands in the Pacific. But soon, the medical limitations of Nauru and Manus Island in Papua New Guinea became clear. Ill health was rife among detainees, and the local hospitals could not cater for patients with complex illnesses or who needed acute psychiatric care. Simpler problems eluded treatment too. Ahmed (a pseudonym to protect his privacy), a 49-year-old refugee who has been held on Nauru for six years, told BuzzFeed News he endured a painful cavity in his tooth for seven months in 2018. Medical staff on Nauru told him their dental equipment was broken. Untreated, the cavity ballooned into an infection on Ahmed’s face. At one point, he said, his gum was so puffy that he sterilised a needle himself and pierced it to clean the pus out. Australia’s world-class public healthcare system is largely affordable and accessible to residents. Bringing sick people like Ahmed onshore would have been an obvious solution — but another hardline policy dictated only refugees in the throes of a “life-threatening medical emergency” could come to Australia for treatment. So for more than a year, Australia’s immigration department fished around to find somewhere else with sophisticated healthcare to take the problem off their hands. After extensive planning and negotiation, an agreement was secretly signed with Taiwan in September 2017. Its existence was only confirmed eight months later.Now, BuzzFeed News has obtained a copy of the agreement between the two countries, and details of the intense efforts leading to its execution. The Department of Home Affairs has repeatedly refused freedom of information (FOI) requests for the text of the agreement, citing potential harm to",health
"WASHINGTON — A major decision in the legal fight to repeal the Affordable Care Act left both sides unsatisfied Wednesday as a federal court declined to rule on whether the landmark health law is unconstitutional. Instead, the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals sent the case back to a lower court and demanded further analysis. The court did rule that one small part of the ACA, commonly known as Obamacare, was unconstitutional — the “individual mandate” tax penalty on people who could afford to buy health insurance but chose not to. That penalty had already been effectively repealed by Congress. But the court punted on the broader question of whether one part of the ACA being unconstitutional meant the entire 900-page law was; the court sent the matter back to a district court “to provide additional analysis of the provisions of the ACA as they currently exist.” Democrats and progressive groups decried the ruling, saying the decision drags out the Republican lawsuit and Americans will continue to fear that their health insurance will be taken away. California Attorney General Xavier Becerra said, “The President got the gift he wanted — uncertainty in the healthcare system and a pathway to repeal.” Becerra announced he will appeal the ruling directly to the Supreme Court. If successful, that would likely mean the case is heard before the next presidential election. The drive to overturn Obamacare began in earnest after President Donald Trump took office and Republicans controlled both the Senate and the House. Legislative attempts collapsed when they could not agree on a replacement bill, so Republicans instead struck down just one narrow part of the ACA by eliminating the individual mandate tax penalty on people who could afford health insurance but chose to not buy it. In early 2018, 20 Republican state attorneys general, led by Texas, launched a lawsuit arguing that the individual mandate repeal rendered the entire ACA unconstitutional, including popular provisions such a",politics
"In April 1997, Wired magazine published a feature with the grand and regrettable title “Birth of a Digital Nation.” It was a good time to make sweeping, sunny pronouncements about the future of the United States and technology. The US stood alone astride the globe. Its stock market was booming. Microsoft was about to become the world’s most valuable company, a first for a tech firm. A computer built by IBM was about to beat the world chess champion at his own game. And yet, the journalist Jon Katz argued, the country was on the verge of something even greater than prosperity and progress — something that would change the course of world history. Led by the Digital Nation, “a new social class” of “young, educated, affluent” urbanites whose “business, social and cultural lives increasingly revolve around” the internet, a revolution was at hand, which would produce unprecedented levels of civic engagement and freedom. The tools of this revolution were facts, with which the Digital Nation was obsessed, and with which they would destroy — or at least neuter — partisan politics, which were boring and suspicious. “I saw … the formation of a new postpolitical philosophy,” Katz wrote. “This nascent ideology, fuzzy and difficult to define, suggests a blend of some of the best values rescued from the tired old dogmas — the humanism of liberalism, the economic opportunity of conservatism, plus a strong sense of personal responsibility and a passion for freedom.” Comparing the coming changes to the Enlightenment, Katz lauded an “interactivity” that “could bring a new kind of community, new ways of holding political conversations” — “a media and political culture in which people could amass factual material, voice their perspectives, confront other points of view, and discuss issues in a rational way.” Such a sensible, iterative American public life contained, Katz wrote, “the … tantalizing … possibility that technology could fuse with politics to create a more civil society.” Su",tech
"Amid growing civil unrest, Chile announced Wednesday that the country would no longer host the biggest climate conference of the year. On Friday, the United Nations confirmed Spain would host the conference instead. The 2019 UN Climate Change Conference, called COP25, was originally slated to run Dec. 2–13 in Santiago. It will now take place during those same dates in Madrid. Thousands of government officials, business leaders, and activists from around the world were planning to attend and now have to change their travel plans. “Earlier today, I was informed of the decision by the Government of Chile not to host COP25 in view of the difficult situation that the country is undergoing,” Patricia Espinosa, the UN climate chief, said in a statement on Wednesday. “We are currently exploring alternative hosting options."" Earlier in October, Chile declared a state of emergency across parts of the country due to a surge of anti-government protests. At least 11 people have died in violence tied to the unrest. “We understand perfectly the importance of [the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit] and COP for Chile and the world, but we have based our decision on common sense,” Chilean President Sebastián Piñera reportedly said. “A president needs to put its people above everything else.” Chile also canceled a second international conference, the APEC summit, scheduled for December, according to Bloomberg. “It’s an unprecedented situation,” Rachel Cleetus, a policy director with the scientific integrity group Union of Concerned Scientists, told BuzzFeed News. She is one of several members of the group planning to attend the climate conference. “We’re all of course now just waiting to hear if and how to change our travel plans to be wherever and whenever COP is rescheduled,"" Cleetus said. ""We very much hope it will be.” This is the second country to withdraw from hosting the 2019 climate conference. Brazil, the original host, abandoned its plans after the far-right Jair Bols",science
"YouTube isn’t only a cesspool of bad faith arguments, conspiracy theories, and right-wing propaganda. For the 760,000 people who subscribe to ContraPoints, it’s a gateway to a world of camp and critical philosophy. ContraPoints is a channel run by Baltimore-based entertainer and self-described “ex-philosopher” Natalie Wynn, 31, who uses it to respond to the right-wing narratives that dominate the platform. Her videos — deep dives into everything from incels to aesthetics, which rack up views in the millions — are smart and irreverent, well researched, and fully realized. Her efforts to discredit everyone from the alt-right to anti-trans radical feminists by using their own rhetorical style against them has received glowing write-ups in Current Affairs, the Verge, Vice, and the New Yorker. The Los Angeles Times called her “that rare presence in our clamorous times: an internet voice resonant not with rage but with satire, humor, [and] nuance.” Wynn is a compelling public figure, and the press surrounding her videos has made her something of an internet celebrity. But Wynn is also a trans woman — and for trans women, wider recognition often comes with more risks, both big and small. In early September, Wynn tweeted about some of her frustrations with the phenomenon of a “pronoun circle,” when people in ostensibly trans-inclusive spaces go around the room and introduce themselves with their pronouns. Wynn suggested that this attempt at accommodation might end up drawing extra unwanted attention to the trans people in attendance. Wynn fired off a further series of thoughts about who benefits from these introductions and from visibility in general. She tweeted (and then deleted) frustration with “the radicals” and their fixation on “new visibility”; she followed it up with another now-deleted tweet: “I’m friends with a lot of Gen Z trans people, and I’m often grouped in with them because I’m very online and transitioned not that long ago. But my experience is very differ",reader
"—dwinchestersflannel —paiged412eeb89c —joanned4cd0e98b4 —chynawilkinson ""She told me she had three layovers, so the poor woman was carrying around a box of live lobsters for ten hours."" —ccc12345 ""What was his plan? To not bathe for a week? I had the most insane headache upon landing after inhaling it for four hours straight."" —sarasoks —lauras4e1c7654d —lailys —kristino10 —taylorp4c7128c1b —caytybrady —kiwijes —sarasoks Some submissions have been edited for length and/or clarity. We recently asked members of the BuzzFeed Community to share the most unfortunate thing they've seen someone do on a plane and now I am unwell. ""I saw someone hold their wet underwear up to dry them with the air vents."" ""My husband saw a man pull a sandwich OUT OF HIS SHOE and eat it. The man reeked of onions the rest of the flight."" ""A woman had food poisoning and couldn't get to the toilet before the seatbelt sign was turned off. Two minutes later, people started fleeing from her row and the row behind her. She had so much explosive diarrhea coming out of her that it was leaking along the seats and through the cracks in the seat to the row behind. The smell still haunts me to this day."" ""I was sitting next to a man who I thought was fast-forwarding through all the sex scenes on the inflight entertainment, but I soon realized he was rewinding and replaying them over and over. It was extraordinarily creepy."" ""Last year on my way home to see family for Christmas, I noticed the lady in the seat next to me had a giant box as her carry-on item stuffed under the seat in front of her. I didn’t think anything of it and just assumed it was Christmas gifts UNTIL THE BOX STARTED MOVING! Turns out she was from Maine and was bringing live lobsters to her daughter's family to eat on Christmas."" ""The guy next to me smelled like he took a shower in cologne. He was joking with his friends seated around us that he had a bottle of cologne in his carry-on at security and they were making him throw it out, so",health
"WASHINGTON — As the House marches on to impeach President Donald Trump, Democrats seem unfazed about the likely acquittal on the Senate side. For many, they say they’re following their constitutional responsibility regardless of what Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and the Republican-led Senate plans to do. “We have a constitutional duty to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States,” Rep. Tony Cardenás told BuzzFeed News. “We swore that when we got sworn in, and we're exercising our duty. Now, if another house, such as the Senate, the leader of the Senate doesn't want to uphold his constitutional duty or encourage or advocate something else, that's up to them. It's on us to do our job, first and foremost, and we're doing our job today.” On Tuesday, McConnell told reporters he’s not an impartial juror and told Fox News he would be “coordinating with White House counsel” on how to handle the trial. After Sen. Chuck Schumer proposed rules for the Senate trial that included calling witnesses to appear, McConnell struck down the idea, arguing it’s not the Senate’s job to “rerun the entire fact-finding investigation.” The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. But even if impeachment is set to go nowhere in the Senate, House members are pushing forward anyway. “In the end, everything we hope to achieve as a country depends on our institutions continuing to function,” said Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney. “It doesn’t depend on what the Senate does this week or next. It depends on whether in the light of history, we stand up for what's right and save our constitution in the process.” Rep. Karen Bass, who serves on the Judiciary Committee, which brought both articles of impeachment before the House, said the president forced Congress’s hand. “He left us with no choice because",politics
"The video that got Flynn Johnson temporarily banned from posting on TikTok starts with a trail of hundreds of empty whipped cream cartridges leading down a corridor and into a bedroom. On the bed, Johnston reclines with two sets of sunglasses on. He's holding a whipped cream dispenser with the nozzle in his mouth. The canisters — known as nangs, whippets or bulbs — contain nitrous oxide. They're sold in Australia ostensibly for preparing whipped cream on cakes and other delicious items. But they have another use: when inhaled, nitrous oxide gives a quick high. It's illegal in several Australian states to sell nitrous oxide canisters for recreational consumption (which is why many places sell the canisters for ""kitchen use""), and South Australia intends to ban selling canisters to minors altogether Johnson got the idea to make a video about nitrous oxide when he was hanging out with some friends at Schoolies, the holiday that many Australian teens take after they finish their final high school exams. ""It blew up heaps quick then got deleted,"" Johnson told BuzzFeed News. ""So I reposted it and it stayed up for a month, got more than one-and-a-half-million views, then got deleted again."" The temporary ban on Johnson's account suggests that TikTok's parent company ByteDance is removing videos and restricting users who post content containing nitrous oxide consumption. This provides further insight into the platform's moderation, which has faced increased scrutiny as the company seeks to distance itself from accusations of Chinese government influence. TikTok didn't confirm why Johnson's account was temporarily blocked from uploading videos, but said in a statement to BuzzFeed News that ""TikTok takes a strict approach to content related to drugs and drug use, and content depicting or encouraging drug use is a violation of our Community Guidelines."" Despite this, BuzzFeed News was able to locate numerous videos depicting evidence of nitrous oxide use. Nitrous oxide use rem",tech
"New gun sales have risen sharply in Brazil’s Amazon region under far-right President Jair Bolsonaro, according to official figures reviewed by BuzzFeed News. The Amazon has long had high rates of violence due in large part to conflicts over land. Illegal deforestation has also spiked dramatically since Bolsonaro took office and weakened environmental agencies, leading to the devastating fires in the rainforest this summer that caused a global outcry. BuzzFeed News’ analysis suggests that gun sales are increasing in the Amazon states at a faster rate than the rest of the country under Bolsonaro, whose family has ties to the US’s National Rifle Association. He has made loosening Brazil’s strict gun control laws one of his top priorities since taking office in January, echoing the NRA’s argument that guns are the best defense from crime for law-abiding citizens. Government records show that if current trends continue through the end of 2019, new gun sales in the Amazon will be 33% higher than they were in 2018, while in the rest of Brazil, new guns are being sold at about the same rate as last year. In more than half of the Amazon states, more guns were sold in the first eight months of this year than in all of 2018. Across the Amazon states, home to 29 million people, 5,270 guns were sold in the first eight months of 2019, up from 4,801 in all of last year. Across the rest of Brazil, where around 180 million people live, 30,739 guns were sold between January and August this year, compared to 42,890 sold in the whole of 2018. These records were originally obtained through a freedom of information request by the Brazilian public security think tank the Igarapé Institute and shared with BuzzFeed News. Brazil’s Congress is due to take up sweeping new gun legislation this week. The data analyzed by BuzzFeed News is not a comprehensive look at all the guns in circulation in Brazil but does provide important clues to how Bolsonaro’s policies have transformed gun ownership si",science
"Conservatively speaking, there have been approximately 84 quadrillion episodes of television this decade, so narrowing down the 25 best over the last 10 years is on its face a silly thing to do. But we tried it anyway, because, simply put, there was never a better time to be a fan of TV than in the 2010s. The term “peak TV” was coined to define the explosion in content largely thanks to the ascendancy of Netflix, Amazon, and Hulu, but it’s also come to reflect the spike in quality television as well. So to cast as wide a net as possible, we only allowed one episode per show on our list, and even then, there is every chance we didn’t include at least one of your favorites. This is what comment sections are for, so please reflect with us, in chronological order, on some of the best TV had to offer since 2010, and then share your personal favorites as well. Grey’s Anatomy: ""Sanctuary"" and ""Death and All His Friends"" (Season 6, Episodes 23 and 24) First aired: May 20, 2010 Seattle Grace Hospital had seen its fair share of chaos before this episode, but nothing was the same after this two-parter. Disgruntled widower Gary Clark (Michael O'Neill), who blames Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey) for his wife’s death, comes back to the hospital with a loaded gun seeking revenge. It becomes clear that everyone's in danger after he shoots and kills resident Reed Adamson (Nora Zehetner) when she doesn’t help him find Derek. Then he shoots and critically injures day one character Alex Karev (Justin Chambers) within the first half of the episode. A hospital lockdown takes place after Gary shoots more hospital personnel — including Derek. Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo) and Cristina Yang (Sandra Oh), who spent the episode looking for Derek to tell him the good news that Meredith is pregnant, wind up witnessing the whole thing, and the episode ends with Meredith screaming as Cristina restrains her. In part two, Meredith and Cristina manage to get Derek to an OR where Cristina ends up havi",reader
"It was 3 in the morning and I hadn’t slept all night, listening to the crickets and the sound of my husband’s snoring and trying to find a spot on the Murphy bed in my parents’ guest room that wouldn’t creak with every move I made. The hours until sunlight arrived stretched out behind and before me. I felt trapped in the darkness, the same way I felt trapped in my body. Nothing could make me sleep, not a warm bath or a boring book or three entire doses of Benadryl; the stress hormones would rise to match whatever I used to counter them. My fear was no longer contained in my head but pulsed through my body, a living thing. I went to the bathroom and vomited again. I was 6 weeks pregnant. Somehow, at some point, the sun came up. My mom and my husband took me to the hospital. What I didn’t know then was that the anxiety that had been my faithful companion all my life was running amok in my estrogen-soaked body. That cocktail of hormones and fear — my three earlier pregnancies had ended in miscarriages, and I was terrified this one would too — had left an indelible mark on my body in the form of nausea: intense, unrelenting, visceral nausea and vomiting that would see me hospitalized five more times during the course of my pregnancy. The nausea raged and, as it intensified, so did my anxiety; when it abated, which was rare, the anxiety let up too. What I didn’t know then was that I was in the throes of a little-known condition called cyclic vomiting syndrome, a disorder that was likely “turned on” in my enteric nervous system by the fear and the pregnancy hormones. The nausea and vomiting would revisit me again after weaning my son, six months after he was born, and again after that. It generally descended one week before ovulation and lasted 10 days. One time it lasted a month, and I had to seek help. What I didn’t know then is that as much as anxiety is a mental illness, growing in dark synapses and neural pathways, it also lives in the body — in the tightening stomac",health
"WASHINGTON — She lost the election, but Hillary Clinton played a starring role in speeches on the House floor leading up to the impeachment vote of President Donald Trump. Republicans have spent much of the day accusing Democrats of trying to use impeachment to reverse the results of the 2016 election. “If my Democratic colleagues were being honest, they’d tell us the only thing President Trump is guilty of is not being Hillary Clinton,” said Kansas Rep. Roger Marshall. Democrats and Republicans have long since stopped discussing the same reality when it comes to the Trump–Ukraine affair. Democrats have spent the day focusing on Trump’s actions and arguing he abused his presidential powers by pressuring Ukraine to interfere in domestic politics and obstructed Congress’s investigation. Rather than take on the details of those charges, Republicans have portrayed the whole process as a sort of legislative coup. “They hate this president. They hate those of us who voted for him,” said Utah Rep. Chris Stewart. “They think we made a mistake. They think Hillary Clinton should be president and they want to fix that. That’s what this about.” The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Judiciary Committee chair Jerry Nadler eventually pointed out that impeachment would not, in fact, reverse the results of the election and place Clinton in the White House. If a president is convicted in the Senate and removed from office, the vice president assumes the presidency. “I would remind the gentleman if President Trump is impeached and removed, the new president would be Mike Pence, not Hillary Clinton,” Nadler said. Hearing this, Republicans broke into cheers.",politics
"LONDON — A voter engagement app used by the populist party that is the senior partner in Italy's coalition government is being investigated by Facebook as part of a broader probe into potential historical data misuse. The Five Star Movement (M5S), an antiestablishment party that won the most seats in Italy's 2018 general election, launched the app in 2013, the year of the party’s breakthrough onto the national stage. The Attivista 5 Stelle — 5 Star Activist — app invited M5S supporters to complete tasks on Facebook such as sharing posts, promoting campaign events, and adding the party’s logo to profile pictures, in exchange for points. The highest scoring activists would win a dinner with M5S cofounder, former comedian Beppe Grillo. A Facebook spokesperson said an investigation into the app was ongoing. There is nothing at this stage to suggest data was misused by the app’s developers. “The Attivista 5 Stelle app is not currently active on our platform and has not been for over a year,” the spokesperson said in an emailed statement to BuzzFeed News. “We are currently investigating the app within the App Developer Investigation.” Facebook’s App Developer Investigation began in March last year as a response to the Cambridge Analytica scandal, the UK political consulting and voter profiling firm that harvested the private information of up to 87 million Facebook users without their permission in one of the social network’s biggest data breaches. The breach was first disclosed by the Observer and the New York Times. In the immediate aftermath, Facebook's market value fell by more than $36 billion, and the company's founder and CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, was hauled before Congress to testify. Although the Attivista 5 Stelle app was removed from Facebook by M5S web developers last year, a Facebook login button is still visible on a cached version of the app’s sign up page, the existence of which was first reported by the Italian website Linkiesta earlier this month. By examini",tech
"SAN FRANCISCO — A former Juul executive is alleging in a lawsuit that the fast-growing startup shipped out 1 million contaminated e-cigarette pods earlier this year — but did not tell customers or issue a recall. The lawsuit was filed Tuesday by Siddharth Breja, a former senior vice president of global finance who worked at the San Francisco–based company from May 2018 to March 2019. In the lawsuit — filed in US District Court for the Northern District of California on the same day that Juul confirmed its plans to lay off about 500 people — Breja claims he was retaliated against for raising concerns about the contaminated shipment. In another instance, Breja says he was worried when the company, in February 2019, wanted to resell pods that were at that point almost one year old. He protested their resale and urged the company to at least include an expiration or “best by” date, or a date of manufacture, on the packaging. The lawsuit claims that then-CEO Kevin Burns shot down that idea, saying, “Half our customers are drunk and vaping like mo-fos, who the fuck is going to notice the quality of our pods.” Burns denied making that statement. “I never said this, or anything remotely close to this, period,” he said through a representative, adding, “As CEO, I had the company make huge investments in product quality and the facts will show this claim is absolutely false and pure fiction.” Burns was replaced by Altria executive K.C. Crosthwaite in September. “Mr. Breja became aware of very concerning actions at the company, and he performed his duty to shareholders and to the board by reporting these issues internally,” Harmeet Dhillon, an attorney for Breja, told BuzzFeed News when reached for comment. “In exchange for doing that, he was inappropriately terminated. This is very concerning, particularly since some of the issues he raised concerned matters of public safety.” A Juul spokesperson said that the company would “vigorously defend” against Breja’s “baseless” claim",science
"The Meghan Markle news cycle is ever-spinning, but last month, two clips from an interview with the Duchess of Sussex drew even more attention than usual. In the clips, her doe eyes visibly pained and glazed over with near-tears, Meghan admits to ITV journalist Tom Bradby that she’s been struggling to be a newlywed and new mom while facing a ceaseless torrent of (often racist) scrutiny and intrusion from the media. “It’s not enough to just survive something, right?” Meghan said she tells her husband, Prince Harry, when they’re discussing the tabloids’ negative effects on their day-to-day. “That’s not the point of life. You’ve gotta thrive — you’ve gotta feel happy.” After the clips went viral, the hashtag #WeLoveYouMeghan began trending on Twitter alongside words of support, commiseration, and rescue-mission propositions (writer Samantha Irby tweeted, “so can we just, like, go get meghan or what?”). “It’s a very real thing to be going through behind the scenes,” Meghan admitted. Meanwhile, last weekend, the third season of The Crown — the historical drama that aims to take us behind those very scenes — popped up on Netflix users' screens worldwide. Armed with a new cast to cover the years between 1964 and 1977, the series has had fans devouring each episode, eager to learn more about these global figures we’ve grown up with but know so little about. Despite its archaic nature, the British monarchy has been enjoying — or perhaps for certain members, enduring — a renewed surge of interest over the past few years, largely thanks to both the Sussexes and The Crown. What’s more: The media milestones of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have coincided, almost peculiarly, with every season of The Crown so far. Four days after the first season debuted in November 2016, Buckingham Palace confirmed Prince Harry and Meghan were dating. Just a week and a half after their 2017 engagement announcement, the show premiered its second season. And a few days after teaser clips from the ",reader
,health
"WASHINGTON — Rep. Barry Loudermilk compared the impending impeachment of President Donald Trump to the crucifixion of Jesus Christ in a speech on the House floor Wednesday afternoon. “When Jesus was falsely accused of treason, Pontius Pilate gave Jesus the opportunity to face his accusers,” the Georgia Republican said during debate over the articles of impeachment ahead of Wednesday night's vote. “During that sham trial, Pontius Pilate afforded more rights to Jesus than Democrats have afforded this president and this process.” According to the Bible, Jesus was brought before Pontius Pilate, a Roman governor, accused of claiming that he was King of the Jews. Pilate, in the Bible's telling, wanted nothing to do with Jesus' trial, but was convinced by the crowd that Jesus was a threat to Roman rule of the region with his message of a new kingdom. Pilate then ""washed his hands"" of the situation, letting Jesus' crucifixion go forward. The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. It was a confusing metaphor, as many Christians were quick to point out, and not the first in the run-up to the impeachment vote. Judiciary Committee chair Jerry Nadler, a Democrat, responded to Loudermilk on the floor. “The president was given the opportunity to come and testify … to send his counsel, to question witnesses,” he said. “He declined to do so.” Not long after Loudermilk’s remarks, Pennsylvania Rep. Mike Kelly compared the impeachment proceedings to Pearl Harbor, noting that the attack, like the upcoming vote, occurred in December. “December 18, 2019, is another day that will live in infamy,” he said on the floor. Ahead of the vote, in a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi Tuesday night, Trump had a metaphor of his own, comparing himself to the men and women who were accused of witchcraft and e",politics
"Two years ago, Australian YouTuber Fynnpire quit his day job to make videos full-time. The Brisbane-based creator has more than half a million subscribers on his gaming channel, and he derives income from advertising revenue. That's why he was so annoyed when he saw that YouTube had restricted advertising on one of his videos. The frustration soon turned to confusion when Fynnpire saw that the video had been been flagged for ""strong profanity used in a hateful or derogatory way"" after a manual check by a human moderator. Fynnpire does swear in his videos, but not in a hateful way. The flagged video, posted on Dec. 7, was a stream of a zombie virtual reality game. Fynnpire began his commentary by welcoming his fans, as per usual speaking quickly and with his nasal Australian accent. ""My name is Fynnpire, we're back, we're playing Undead Development. We're continuing on with this map today,"" he can be heard saying in the video. But when he checked YouTube's captions on the video — the company uses machine learning to automatically transcribe videos — he realised what was wrong. His ""we're back"" in the intro to the video had been incorrectly transcribed as ""wetback"", a racial slur directed at Mexicans living in the US. It wasn't the first time YouTube had done this. Fynnpire's Nov. 10 video had been flagged for similar reasons — ""car"" had been transcribed as ""cunt"". Fynnpire's theory for why YouTube keeps putting swear words and slurs into his transcriptions? His Australian accent. ""I think YouTube's auto caption system is probably having a hard time understanding my accent,"" Fynnpire, who decline to provide his real name, told BuzzFeed News. When he tweeted about this, one of Australia's most popular YouTubers, Lazarbeam, said he'd had similar problems. Fynnpire also noticed that the number of views dropped dramatically when the video was flagged. Fynnpire didn't know how to change YouTube's decision to demonetise the videos. There was no clear way to dispute the ruli",tech
"WASHINGTON — As President Donald Trump and Congress weigh e-cigarette bans amid an outbreak of deadly lung injuries, a fight has erupted over whether vaping supporters online are real people — or bots funded by an industry under attack. The fight was sparked by a controversial report released two weeks ago by the Public Good Projects, a public health nonprofit. Its analysis — which looked at 1,288,378 tweets related to e-cigarettes or tobacco sent between Feb. 1 and June 1 — concluded that nearly 80% were likely generated by bots, or automated accounts, “posing as passionate pro-vaping individuals.” The findings have been called into question by experts skeptical about its methodology. The bots report sparked panic among public health officials who are suspicious that the vaping industry, backed by Big Tobacco, is using shady marketing tactics to sway public opinion with misinformation about the dangers of nicotine. But it has also triggered furious backlash online from e-cigarette users concerned about losing access to potentially life-saving vapes. This group has flooded the #NotABot hashtag with conspiracy theories and political threats aimed at the Trump administration, which is grappling with a proposed ban on flavored e-cigs. Paranoia about the lessons learned from the 30-year-old battle with Big Tobacco loom large on both sides as public health officials worry that vaping companies are borrowing from its playbook, and vaping users fear being driven back to smoking cigarettes. The findings made headlines when they were first reported by the Wall Street Journal, which linked the report to a congressional committee holding a hearing that week investigating the four major sellers of e-cigarettes, Juul Labs, Fontem Ventures, Japan Tobacco International USA, and Reynolds American. The hearing was actually a look at legislation aimed at curbing youth vaping, rather than corporate behavior. But in August, the committee requested a “list of all social media influencer",science
"There are many things that can help you get out of a funk. Exercise. Eating well. Getting enough sleep. Watching 42 cheesy holiday romance movies in a row. OK, I’m exaggerating with that last one. It’s more like 29 in a row. All holiday romance movies have the same formula. You take one pretty, thin, usually white woman with perpetually wavy hair and ever-present makeup (even when she’s just gotten out of bed). Give her a Very Important and Real job in the big city — something like an architect or interior designer or personal shopper or generic executive. Add too many work hours and a boyfriend who won’t commit. Now remove her from the big city and place her in the small town she grew up in but has been too afraid to go back to for emotional reasons — preferably related to the death of a parent, because at least one parent must always be dead. And then here comes the crucial ingredient: one tall, handsome, rugged-but-not-too-rugged man, usually clad in flannel, and almost definitely also white. Give him a sad-but-not-too-sad backstory — again, dead parents are preferable — and perhaps he also lived in the big city once before as well, but he’s grown tired of it and now fully embraces the wholesome charms of a small town life. Throw these two shiny, pretty people together in a meet-cute. Maybe they literally bump into each other or attempt to buy the same Christmas ornament or become competitors in a holiday baking competition. It’s crucial that they hate each other at first, but also that they secretly want to bone each other — or they would, if boning were allowed in the strictly PG-rated world of holiday romance. Keep putting them in cute scenarios like tree-decorating, ice-skating, sleigh-riding, snowman-building, and most of all cookie-baking. The formula is pretty much done when they happen to find themselves underneath the mistletoe, and they kiss, and then there’s a misunderstanding, but it’s cleared up within 10 minutes and we get one more kiss before every",reader
"To watch the full Mystère routine and to get a behind-the-scenes look, you can watch our full BuzzFeed video here. To watch the full R.U.N. routine and to get a behind-the-scenes look, you can watch our full BuzzFeed video here. My behind-the-scenes look into these Cirque du Soleil shows was a great reminder that the performers are professionals. Even though they make everything look easy on stage that doesn't mean it's actually easy to do. They practice these skills for several hours every day, and then they perform the live shows on top of that, so comparing myself to them (or anyone else, for that matter), is kind of nonsensical. Also, it was really cool to see my progress in these challenges being represented as something other than a strict before-and-after photo. For my normal BuzzFeed fitness projects, I focus so much on gaining muscle or losing body fat, but celebrating my progress in other forms (like learning a new skill or routine) was super refreshing and gave me a new perspective on my fitness journey. I started my fitness journey about four years ago as a way to help me feel more comfortable and confident. Over the years, I've done a bunch of different workout challenges for BuzzFeed (everything from training like a professional gymnast to doing 100 pull-ups a day for 30 days). These projects were a great way to help me push myself, test my limits, and learn more about my body. My fitness challenges are normally 30 days long – just enough time to hopefully see a visible transformation in my before-and-after pictures – but this was going to be a totally different experience. Instead, I'd only have a few hours to train with each Cirque show, and my progress would be judged solely on how well I could master their routines. I'm extremely competitive, so this time-crunch made me extra nervous. Mystère is Cirque's first and longest-running show in Vegas. It's probably what most people think of when they see the words ""Cirque du Soleil."" The show is full of a",health
"Facebook will not be removing an ad falsely claiming that Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell endorses the impeachment of Republican President Donald Trump from its platform. The ad was posted and promoted by leftist activist Adriel Hampton, who registered as a California gubernatorial candidate in October and began running bogus political ads in an effort to test the limits of Facebook’s fact-checking policy. Hampton’s current ad, created by a volunteer video editor working for his campaign, is tagged #ThanksMitch and features footage of McConnell spliced together to make it appear the senate majority leader is calling for Trump’s impeachment. According to Facebook’s ad library, the ad has received over 1,000 impressions and was boosted for a few hundred dollars. Hampton told BuzzFeed News that he spends very little money boosting the ads with false information and typically only micro-targets journalists on Facebook. “We'll keep doing them as long as we can draw attention to Facebook's broken policies around political ads,” Hampton said of the misleading ads. “We think the net benefit outweighs them being harmful in themselves.” Facebook’s policy exempting politicians from fact-checking of their ads has been in practice since last year. It applies to politicians at the executive, national, and regional levels, including those running for office. It protects Facebook from making content moderation decisions that might drag it into a contentious presidential election in 2020 — and from taking all kinds of heat from all sides for doing so. The company currently does not allow third-party fact-checkers to use Facebook’s tools to fact-check candidates and parties. In August, the company changed its rules about misinformation and gave third-party fact-checkers the power to remove ads that contain false statements — something many contractors only learned about in October during Mark Zuckerberg’s congressional testimony in October. Facebook’s fact-checkers ",politics
"Government-funded news organizations worried they could be damaged by Facebook’s imminent plan to label content from state-controlled news organizations are furious at a process they say is opaque and irresponsible. When Facebook announced plans to apply such labels in October, it provided no information about the criteria it would use to determine whether a media company was “state-controlled.” Now, as the company prepares to begin using these labels, it has left news organizations in the dark, generating little confidence in its capacity to make decisions about which media outlets are wholly or partially under the editorial control of their governments. ""This is a dangerous step to delegitimize credible journalism,” Giles Trendle, managing director of Al Jazeera English, told BuzzFeed News. ""We don't know the criteria or the people [involved].” Facebook and other social media platforms are responding to political pressure in the US and elsewhere to avoid a repeat of the 2016 election, during which they provided mass distribution to, in particular, the Russian government’s English language outlet RT, whose content closely echoes and amplifies the Russian foreign policy line. A Senate Intelligence Committee Report released last fall described RT as a tool in “the modern Russian disinformation playbook.” (In Google searches for the report, RT’s own dismissive coverage ranks high.) But Al Jazeera’s case demonstrates how fraught Facebook’s decisions on whether companies are state-controlled are on a broad and hazy spectrum that ranges from RT to the BBC, which has a long tradition of independence from British government policy. Al Jazeera is funded by the Qatari government but insists it has complete editorial independence and is operated through a foundation in the Gulf state. The company fears it will be given the “state-controlled” label, something that, in a November letter to Facebook (first reported by CNN), it said “would cause irreparable harm to the network.” ",tech
"SAN FRANCISCO — Juul plans to cut about 500 jobs by the end of 2019, capping off a tumultuous year in which the company, once a fast-growing e-cigarette giant, has cut back its expansion efforts in the face of regulatory scrutiny around the world. The San Francisco–based company said Tuesday that, under a reorganization, it will be laying off staffers in some departments and consolidating others. It did not specify which departments would face layoffs, but said the cuts will amount to about 10% to 15% of its 4,000-person workforce, according to a spokesperson. The layoffs were first reported by the Wall Street Journal. The company also said that four executives would be departing. Among them is chief marketing officer, Craig Brommers, who had joined in April after spending nearly three years as the top marketing head at the Gap. No one will fill Brommers’ role, according to the spokesperson. Other departures include Tim Danaher, chief finance officer, David Foster, senior vice president of advanced technology, and Ashley Gould, chief administrative officer. The cuts are the latest retreat for a startup that has until recently enjoyed skyrocketing growth and become all but synonymous with the e-cigarette industry. It hired an average of 300 people a month this year and captured an estimated 75% of the US e-cigarette market. Last year, it was valued at $38 billion with an investment from tobacco giant Altria. But the company has come under fire from government agencies, public health advocates, and clinicians — and its valuation was recently slashed by more than a third. Juul’s marketing efforts in particular have invited scrutiny. Its stated mission is to help adult smokers quit cigarettes (and e-cigarettes have been shown in some studies to be effective tools for doing so). But the Federal Trade Commission is investigating Juul for allegedly deceptive marketing practices, including using social media influencers and targeting minors. While it’s the THC-containing va",science
"Maybe you’re an aspiring TV writer, or maybe you’re just a TV fan who binge-watched all of Phoebe Waller-Bridge’s brilliant Emmy award–winning dark comedy Fleabag. If that’s the case, Fleabag: The Scriptures is just for you; it contains all filming scripts for the show’s two seasons, plus behind-the-scenes commentary from Waller-Bridge. Speaking of iconic TV shows, Sex and the City fans might want to consider We Should All Be Mirandas: Life Lessons from Sex and the City’s Most Underrated Character. Written by Chelsea Fairless and Lauren Garroni, the creators of the hit Instagram account @everyoutfitonsatc, We Should is a tongue-in-cheek appraisal of the famous redhead, complete with fun illustrations and how-to guides on how to be a boss like Miranda. But perhaps you’re more of a Friends fanatic, unfazed by recent divisive (but ultimately correct) retrospectives. In that case, Generation Friends: An Inside Look at the Show That Defined a Television Era by pop culture historian Saul Austerlitz should hit the spot; it features new interviews with the show’s creators and tells the story of how this sitcom came to be. If you’d rather see glossy pictures with your Friends trivia, consider Friends Forever: The One About the Episodes by Gary Susman, Jeannine Dillon, and Bryan Cairns, which not only offers behind-the-scenes info (did you know Marta Kauffman and David Crane wrote Monica Geller for Janeane Garofalo?), but also has tons of photographs and will look pretty sitting on your coffee table. Maybe you really just want some irreverent commentary on some of the biggest movies of the past 25 years. If so, you should seek out Shea Serrano’s Movies (And Other Things), an illustrated compendium that asks the tough questions like: Is this movie better, the same, or worse with the Rock in it? And which race was white-saviored the best by Kevin Costner? Or perhaps you like your pop culture talk a little more highbrow and academic. Lauren Michele Jackson’s White Negroes: When ",reader
"""In the past there was a recommendation to delay the introduction of foods that babies may have potential allergies to, like peanuts. But, there has been one good study that looks at the early introduction of peanuts to kids at a high risk of having that allergy and babies who tried it earlier actually decreased their risk of the allergy. We don't have great studies for some of the other foods, but – for peanuts – earlier introduction may be beneficial,"" said Kara. Kara explained, ""Rectal thermometers are the best, even up to the first couple of years of life. Just get a regular thermometer and have it be the dedicated rectal thermometer. Otherwise, I would say the next-best way to take a temperature as kids get older is under the arm."" Kara said that adding cereal to an otherwise healthy baby's milk at night is not needed and you are giving the baby extra calories they don't need. ""Giving a baby under six months of age a few minutes to fuss in the middle of the night to see if they stop is fine, but babies that young shouldn't be allowed to cry for too long. It is OK to do sleep training – or 'cry it out' methods – after six months, but they can be really tricky depending on how stubborn the child is,"" said Kara. ""There have been different recommendations over the years about what you should and should not do to clean the belly button, but you don't need to do anything. It will dry up and fall off on its own. The umbilical cord is an old blood vessel, so you can expect to see splotches of blood when it falls off, but if it gushes blood, you should get it checked out."" Kara also said the umbilical cord can smell bad, but there shouldn't be surrounding redness, swelling, or puss. The cord usually falls off between 10-14 days of life. ""If you feel like a cool washcloth or a lukewarm bath would help them be more comfortable, then that is OK, but there should never be a goal of something like that trying to bring down the baby's temperature,"" said Kara. ""If a baby has h",health
"WASHINGTON — The House of Representatives is taking a series of votes that will lead to President Donald Trump’s impeachment on Wednesday, making him the third president to be impeached in US history. Lawmakers are voting on two articles of impeachment — one charges the president with abuse of power and the other with obstruction of Congress. The vote comes after several weeks of hearings, where witnesses testified that Trump put his personal political interests over the country’s national security by asking Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to investigate former vice president Joe Biden and his family in exchange for US military aid and a visit to the White House. Trump also directed members of his administration not to comply with the congressional investigation. The House is first voting on the abuse of power charge and then will vote on the obstruction of justice charge. Nearly every member of the Democratic caucus has said they plan to vote for the articles, and no Republican has so far announced any plans to break with their party and join them. As the impeachment votes began, Trump was preparing to take the stage at a campaign rally in Battle Creek, Michigan. The House spent more than 6 hours debating the impeachment charges on Wednesday. Throughout the morning, Republicans tried to delay the process, calling for a series of votes before debate officially began. Once the debate kicked off, Democrats largely stuck to the charges against Trump, going over the details of his interactions with Zelensky and saying that impeaching him is both their duty and the only way to prevent the president and his allies from interfering in the 2020 election — even if the Senate won't remove him from office. ""When you see something that is not right, not just, not fair, you have a moral obligation to do something. Our children will ask, 'What did you do? What did you say?'"" Rep. John Lewis, a Georgia Democrat and civil rights icon, said on the House floor. Lewis later add",politics
"""No, you are not crazy, lazy, or faking,"" the Pinterest post says. ""Just count..."" The link leads to a post on the website HypothyroidMom.com called ""300 hypothyroidism symptoms: count how many you have."" The post, which lists 307 symptoms, details nearly everything that could go wrong with the human body. Weight gain. Bloating. Dry skin. Pressure in ears. Athlete’s foot. Cold hands. Chest pain. High cholesterol. ADD/ADHD. Schizophrenia. With more than 1.1 million likes on Facebook, Hypothyroid Mom — which is run by Dana Trentini, a former talent development specialist at JPMorgan Chase and high school teacher, according to her LinkedIn — is one of the most prominent figures in a community that spans Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Etsy, and Amazon, made up of people who have either been diagnosed with hypothyroidism or believe they should be. (Trentini did not respond to multiple requests for comment.) What sets these patients apart from those who suffer from poorly understood diseases like chronic fatigue syndrome or chronic Lyme disease — which also have huge online communities around them — is that the standard medical treatments for hypothyroidism are typically highly effective. According to the American Thyroid Association, hypothyroidism — a condition in which the thyroid gland does not secrete enough hormones — can’t be cured, “but in almost every patient, hypothyroidism can be completely controlled.” Dr. Steven Hodak, an endocrinologist at NYU Langone, told BuzzFeed News that 85% to 90% of patients see their symptoms improve by taking one levothyroxine hormone pill (T4), while another 10% to 15% take a different hormone pill (T3). However, since hormones can affect nearly every major bodily function, one person’s symptoms could be almost anything. As a result, the flourishing communities of people who feel alienated by traditional medicine are willing to try alternative treatments. And online platforms provide a space not only to these communities, but also",tech
"Massachusetts filed suit against ExxonMobil on Thursday, claiming the oil giant misled investors about the risk climate change posed to its business and deceived consumers about the oil company’s role in contributing to the climate crisis. Massachusetts follows New York’s lead is suing the world’s largest investor-owned oil and gas company for climate fraud. While the New York case, which went to trial this week, is specific to how the company allegedly misled investors on climate, the Massachusetts complaint is much broader. “ExxonMobil is misrepresenting and failing to disclose to its investors the climate risks that the world and ultimately its business faces,” Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey wrote in a legal complaint filed Thursday in state Superior Court against ExxonMobil. “And in its consumer marketing materials, ExxonMobil now falsely holds itself out as a leader in finding climate solutions, all while pursuing record levels of fossil fuel production, sales, and profits.” In response to the suit, Exxon spokesperson Scott Silvestri called the move a “baseless complaint” following a “politically motivated investigation."" ""We look forward to refuting the meritless allegations in court,” Silvestri told BuzzFeed News by email. The Massachusetts attorney general’s office has been investigating Exxon for more than three years. During the course of the investigation, Exxon sued to stop or delay the probe in Massachusetts, New York, and Texas courts, according to Healey. Exxon’s lawyers have also refused to hand over any documentation or provide any witnesses, Healey said. Consequently, the Massachusetts prosecutors have been forced to investigate the company through other means, including reviewing documents obtained in the New York case. Additional documents could be unearthed in the discovery process of that lawsuit, Healey told BuzzFeed News. “We know this case won’t be easy,” said Healey on a press call. “Exxon fights every effort.” Exxon’s own scie",science
"So strong is the collective summoning power of F.L.Y.’s 2009 sleeper hit “Swag Surfin’” that right in the middle of our conversation, University of Missouri senior Sydney Walton gracefully excused herself and rushed into the throngs of students gathered in the parking lot of the campus’s Gaines/Oldham Black Culture Center (GOBCC) to joyfully swag and surf with her classmates. It was a gorgeous Saturday afternoon in mid-October — homecoming weekend — at Mizzou (as the university is fondly referred to). Various students and alumni had congregated outside for the center’s annual tailgate, where volunteers doled out plates of macaroni and cheese and a DJ blasted hip-hop from a speaker in a blue tent set up in the parking lot. The tailgate had been billed as a “family reunion” on the flyer put out by the GOBCC, which seemed apt. Folks greeted each other with easy familiarity, giving hugs and daps and taking selfies. Members of the victorious Delta Sigma Theta sorority, who had won their category in the campus step show the previous night, strolled to “Knuck If You Buck.” Abigail Hollis, a graduate student getting her master’s degree in counseling, and Maxwell Little, who graduated with a master’s in education in 2016, stood nearby. Hollis still lives in Columbia, Missouri where the university is located, but this was her first time at any homecoming event since 2015. Little lives in Chicago with his partner and their daughter. “How does it feel to be back here?” I asked them. They exchanged looks. Neither one had seen the other in a while. “This is the first homecoming I’ve been to since I was a student,” Little said. “Homecoming isn’t really celebratory for me,” said Hollis. Their reticence was understandable. Four years ago, in October 2015, Little, Hollis, and nine other students interrupted the homecoming parade, forming a human chain that blocked then–university president Tim Wolfe’s car, demanding that he address a series of racist incidents on campus. Those incide",reader
"Um, same. ""I used to hate working out. In my 30s, I find it very meditative. It's weird,"" he shared. ""When you feel like someone's not forcing it on you, and you're doing it for yourself, it's a very different experience... I'm weirdly looking forward to it."" As he recently told Variety: “When I was a kid, it was the only outfit that I had.” Robert Pattinson hasn't suited up for The Batman yet, but, when he does, he'll be ready — mentally and physically. When the actor was recently asked, ""Are you starting to buff up for The Batman?"" he replied, ""I'm early stages. Very, very early."" He then said something very, very relatable when asked if he doesn't like exercise: ""As I've kind of gotten older, oh god... I'm certainly getting aware of aging. It's like I need to put some effort in, otherwise I'm going to need a hip replacement."" While he was doing other interviews for his new film The Lighthouse, Pattinson also talked about how he finds exercise to be calming at this stage of his life. He then added, ""The dieting too. I'm an extremist. I'll eat nothing but pizzas for months so by the time I have to diet my body is like, 'Thank god. Please only healthy stuff from now.' ... I've been bulking."" Tbh, I fully believe in Pattinson's ability to ""bulk"" up for The Batman. Like, just look at how intense he is when he's ~in the fitness zone~. You would never know from this smile that he's running on sand while carrying a weighted bag. He makes working out look pretty chill. As for the rest of his transformation, R. Patz has been role-playing Batman since he was little. Sadly we'll have to wait until June 25, 2021, to see how all of those years of practice paid off.",health
"Eight lawmakers sent a letter to the Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson today demanding information about the deployment of facial recognition technology in federally assisted housing. Signed by Sens. Ron Wyden, Kamala Harris, and Cory Booker, among others, the letter expresses concern that facial recognition might be used to enable “invasive, unnecessary and harmful government surveillance” of people who live in public housing. The federal government does not currently regulate the use of facial recognition at all. HUD, similarly, has no regulations on the use of facial recognition in public housing. “Those who cannot afford more do not deserve less in basic privacy and protections,” the letter reads. “They should not have to compromise their civil rights and liberties nor accept the condition of indiscriminate, sweeping government surveillance to find an affordable place to live.” The letter asks how many public housing properties have used facial recognition in the last five years and whether any federal money has gone toward the purchase of facial recognition technology. It also asks whether the HUD has any policies to regulate the use of facial recognition in public housing and whether the department has conducted any research on the technology or its use in public housing. Finally, it notes growing scientific evidence that facial recognition has high rates of inaccuracy and mismatching, especially for women, people of color, and gender-nonconforming individuals. “These false and biased judgments can exacerbate the vulnerabilities that marginalized groups already face in life, such as the overcriminalization of people of color and transgender individuals,” the letter says. “Potential sharing of this data, particularly with law enforcement, further heightens concerns about the risk this technology poses to vulnerable communities.” The lawmakers who signed the letter — who also include Sens. Sherrod Brown and Ed Markey, as well as Re",politics
"Every generation has its subcultures, and in 2019, Gen Z’s was undoubtedly VSCO girls. The aesthetic comes with a number of signifiers: scrunchies (piled high on the wrist), Hydro Flask water bottles (covered in stickers), puka shell necklaces, oversized T-shirts, Crocs, Fjällräven backpacks, metal straws (save the turtles!), Carmex lip balm, and the ubiquitous catchphrases, “sksksk — and I oop.” The easy-breezy look, named for the photo editing app VSCO, was essentially “Tumblr girl” meets “basic white girl.” Though the style became trendy in earnest through Instagram and internet stars like Emma Chamberlain, it catapulted to popularity (and mockery) on TikTok. —J.R. The point of bros icing bros was simple: At any point during the day, present a warm bottle of Smirnoff Ice to your bro, and he has to get down on one knee and chug the cursed beverage. However, if he produces his own bottle immediately, he is exempted, and it is you who must chug. This prank was the peak of IRL-memeing in 2011. Smirnoff denied any sort of marketing stunt, which makes sense if you consider that the central conceit is that being forced to drink a Smirnoff Ice is a form of punishment. The meme threatened a resurgence in 2017, but never really caught on again. —K.N. If you dumped a bucket of ice over your head in summer 2014, it was probably to raise money for ALS research in the Ice Bucket Challenge. The challenge involved participants dousing themselves in ice water on video, then nominating others to either do the same or make a donation to fund ALS research. Many did both, using the viral videos to promote the cause, and the ALS Association wound up raising more than $100 million in a month. The rare meme that did demonstrable good. Sadly, the man who inspired the meme died in December 2019. —J.R. (nice.) Fun fact: The symbol in the center of the shruggie is a Japanese Katakana character called “Tsu.” It’s commonly used in Japanese fiction to represent the end of a line of dialogue. K",tech
"The New York attorney general is taking ExxonMobil to trial in a historic case Tuesday, accusing the oil giant of misleading investors about the company’s financial risks due to climate change. Under the direction of Attorney General Letitia James, this is the first climate fraud lawsuit to go to trial in the United States. James is acting under New York’s Martin Act, a 1921 anti-fraud law meant to protect investors against false statements, even ones made without proof of intent to deceive. The historic lawsuit comes as more and more legal action is being taken against Exxon and other fossil fuel companies by cities and states seeking to hold them accountable for their contribution to climate impacts. The trial, which will take place before the judge and not a jury, will begin Tuesday at 2:15 p.m. EDT in the New York Supreme Court, and could last up to three weeks. Climate activists plan to rally outside the court ahead of the trial to draw attention to it. It is possible that Exxon’s former chief executive Rex Tillerson, who left the company to serve as President Donald Trump’s initial secretary of state, could testify. New York’s investigation previously revealed Tillerson used a second secret email address as the company’s CEO. New York prosecutors began their investigation about four years ago and sued Exxon last October. Under the direction of Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who later resigned amid a harassment scandal, in November 2015 New York issued its first subpoena to Exxon demanding documents on the company’s internal accounting on climate risk. The investigation followed parallel investigations by InsideClimate News and the Los Angeles Times showing how the oil company’s own researchers confirmed that fossil fuels have contributed to global warming in the 1970s and 1980s. (Subsequent reporting revealed oil researchers were studying climate change back in the 1950s.) The information about Exxon’s climate research threw the company’s later efforts to",science
"After 24 years, the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show has been canceled. A true loss! No footage of leggy blondes and brunettes and, like, three or four black women trotting down a long runway this Christmas, flirting with Grown Baby Shawn Mendes or nearly knocking Ariana Grande over with a 15-pound feathered wing. What will we do? Probably literally anything else! The Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show started in 1995 as a much simpler version of the winged-out, glittery monstrosity it had morphed into over the last decade. Back then, it was a subdued fashion show on a plain stage, supermodels showing off high-waisted underwear and bras and little wraps tied around their narrow hips. But even as the production changed and expanded, the look of the models largely stayed the same: all very thin, very tall, very conventionally beautiful. None of the models have been plus-size or gender nonconforming. The show’s efforts at diversity have been limited but, I suppose, worth pointing out. Naomi Campbell and Tyra Banks, two of the most famous models in the industry, both first walked the runway in 1996 and many times after that. In 2009, Lui Wen became the first Chinese model to appear in the show. In 2018, Winnie Harlow, a black model, and their first “angel” with vitiligo, walked the runway. That same year, Kelsey Merritt became the first Filipina model to walk. Slowly, the show transformed into something louder and flashier, while still maintaining its roots as a lingerie store for women, created by men. After all, its cofounder Roy Raymond started the company in the late ’70s after feeling like a creep when he was shopping for lingerie for his wife. (It is my sincerest hope that most men now know that many women are often equipped to buy their own lingerie and would perhaps rather be gifted an elegant pen.) The 2002 show kicked off with cameras asking regular people (namely men) what they thought about VS and its models, leading to a bunch of firefighter dudes pointing at a c",reader
,health
"As the decade draws to a close, the national right to abortion is in the most vulnerable place it’s been in decades. Since 2010, hundreds of laws restricting abortion access have been enacted all over the country, making the procedure less attainable and forcing abortion clinics to close. The US has gone from having around 1,720 facilities that perform abortions in 2011 to 1,587 in 2017 (the last year reproductive rights group Guttmacher Institute surveyed). As of this year, there are six states with only one abortion clinic left. Twenty-five abortion bans were signed into law in 2019 alone, leading to nationwide protests. Though all, so far, have been blocked by the courts, a major fight over abortion rights at the Supreme Court is yet to come. This decade has been one of the most significant in abortion rights since the landmark Supreme Court decision Roe v. Wade in 1973. Even as access has been restricted, the public attitude and openness around abortion has changed drastically — it’s represented in film and television more than ever before, it’s discussed more often in political campaigns, and recent polling shows a large majority of Democratic voters support a “woman’s right to abortion” as a “must-have” for their ideal presidential candidate. Tresa Undem of PerryUndem, a polling firm, said she’s noticed a huge shift since 2007, when she first started hosting focus groups around the country to gauge people’s opinions on abortion. At the beginning of the decade, Undem said, she often had to pull out the tissues during the focus group meetings. “Inevitably someone in the group would speak up and disclose that they had an abortion, and suddenly the air would go out of the room. I’d have to grab the Kleenex box. Everybody would thank her for sharing, and I’d really have to navigate the situation,” Undem said. “And the men didn’t want to talk about it at all. We would have to apologize profusely to them at the end like, I’m so sorry you had to come here and talk abo",politics
"Death Stranding is a video game that belongs to the eminently fashionable “open-world” genre, where you freely roam a large environment, except it doesn’t focus much on traditional combat. Instead, you play as a postapocalyptic deliveryman, Kevin Costner–in–The Postman–ing your way across a ravaged US with hundreds of pounds of cargo strapped to your back. It’s a game for people who simply like wandering around in a huge digital space or people who love managing equipment weight limits down to the most granular detail. It’s for fans of things like ghost-detecting babies urinating on a character who shares the likeness of Oscar-winning director Guillermo del Toro, Monster Energy drink (which enjoys some of the most shameless product placement I have ever encountered), and actor Mads Mikkelsen staring right into the camera while assuring you that he’s your daddy. Most (though certainly not all) of these things are of what we might deem questionable commercial value. Yet here they all are, mashed together into a single work that has not just a considerable budget but a hefty advertising commitment. The game, released in November, has been the subject of a behind-the-scenes BBC documentary, an art exhibit, a Conan segment, and a (pretty good, actually) soundtrack album with new music from artists like Chvrches, to say nothing of the world tour, the multitude of reviews, and the intense scrutiny of its development process. Death Stranding is indisputably An Event, fueled by something that has grown increasingly rare in our franchise-minded, IP-driven age: the power of the name-brand creator, the auteur. In the same way 2019 movies like The Irishman or Once Upon a Time in Hollywood are tagged as A Martin Scorsese Picture or The Ninth Film From Quentin Tarantino, publisher Sony has placed its chips on A Hideo Kojima Game. As a result, we get the kind of bold risk-taking that only a singular creative vision can provide. Or at least, that’s how we talk about auteur-driven wo",tech
"WASHINGTON — Juul’s competitors are blaming the company for the trouble their industry faces, and say they won’t stop selling flavored nicotine pods, despite the e-cigarette market leader stopping such sales. On Thursday, Juul’s CEO, K.C. Crosthwaite, announced the suspension of sales of mango, creme, fruit, and cucumber flavors (but not mint and menthol flavors also threatened by the Donald Trump administration) in the US. “Given the lack of trust in our industry,” his announcement said, Juul planned to stop sales until the flavors went through an FDA review process to assess their risks to public health. Crosthwaite, a former executive at tobacco company Altria, was recently appointed as CEO of Juul, less than a year after Altria bought a 35% stake in the company. Juul, which owned 75% of the market share for e-cigarettes in 2018, has become largely synonymous with a growing industry for vaporized nicotine products. But its three main competitors have made no moves to pull their own flavored e-cigarettes, and are attempting to distance themselves from the company, which is under federal investigation for marketing to teens. (All of the firms are owned or partly owned by larger tobacco companies.) “Juul should speak for itself,” Michele Maron of Japan Tobacco International USA Inc., the tobacco firm that owns the Logic e-cigarette brand, told BuzzFeed News. “The ‘lack of trust in our industry’ referenced by Juul is a direct result of its deceptive marketing activities. Logic’s responsible practice of marketing and selling high-quality vapor products to adults remains unchanged, including flavored products where allowed.” In September, President Trump said his administration would ban flavored e-cigarettes nationwide. The announcement came days after the FDA sent Juul a warning letter over it marketing its e-cigarettes as a medical tool for smokers to quit without agency approval, and a presentation made by a company representative to a high school that called the d",science
"A friend of mine once told me about what happens on his meditation retreats, where attendees stay silent and engaged in some form of meditation for days on end. At some point, usually a day or so in, most attendees find themselves weeping. Not because they’re suddenly enlightened, but because the experience of spending so much time in an unmediated encounter with one’s self, with no distractions, is terrifyingly intense. I’ve heard of similar reactions from long-distance runners, and long-term yoga practitioners, both of which make the body unignorable, the mind inescapable. We say we go on runs or meditate to “get out of our heads,” but the real effect is to actually burrow deep inside them, to concentrate wholly on the self. For many of us, that experience is so rare that tears are the natural, involuntary result — like seeing a good friend, long neglected, after so many years. Something very similar happens to me, and many other adults, when we watch movies about Mister Rogers. Last year, there was the documentary Won’t You Be My Neighbor; now there’s the narrative film A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood, directed by Marielle Heller and inspired by Tom Junod’s Esquire profile of Fred Rogers published in 1998. The documentary featured interviews with Rogers’ colleagues and contemporaries, interspersed with footage of the original show. But A Beautiful Day follows Lloyd Vogel (Matthew Rhys), a jaded, workaholic journalist assigned to profile Rogers, who is convincingly embodied by Tom Hanks. Lloyd’s interactions with Rogers are all buttressed by the breaking down of his own life: When his long-estranged father (Chris Cooper) shows up at his sister’s wedding, they get into a fistfight; Lloyd, who’s also a new father, and dealing with/diligently ignoring his own relationship to fatherhood, shows up for his first interview with a black eye. Lloyd, loosely based on Junod, considers himself an investigative journalist and has developed a reputation as a writer with con",reader
"""That you need to pee after sex. Every damn time. No sex ed class, TV show, movie or friend had ever mentioned it. Something a lot of us had to learn the hard way."" –jenniferh4e24263bc ""It's okay to get yourself involved in your own orgasm if he can't quite get you there, and his hands/tongue are otherwise occupied, even if things are going great. Sometimes a position that you like and feels good for both, isn't the best one to stimulate any vital parts (clitoris, g-spot, nipples, whatever!) so get your own hand into the mix if needed, it doesn't mean he's not doing a great job! Supplement each other and have fun with it!"" –trilingualmom ""That it is perfectly okay, and encouraged, to tell your partner what you do and do not like. You don't have to do something you don't want to do just to make the other person happy."" –meganh34 ""That it’s not just ‘P in V’ and there’s so many other things you can do to have good sex and a satisfying sex life without penetration."" –amyj49c450485 ""That the balls DON'T go in the condom. We were both virgins... no sex ed at our school."" –d4979c4387 ""Sex is not the same as affection and cannot replace love."" –a400e4ba75 ""That the majority of women can't orgasm through only penetrative sex. I really used to think that all women could just have an orgasm that way with no problem, and that it was weird if you couldn't. It was nice to find out that is far from true and there are definitely other ways to achieve that."" –samantham46531ff01 ""How unimportant it all is. I used to feel so worthless if someone wasn't expressing sexual attraction towards me, and it was even worse when I was single and not dating. Now at 38, I realize that sex is one note in an entire symphony. It just doesn't mean much in our day to day lives."" –dickholster ""That you don’t have to have it!! Ever!! If you don’t want to!!"" –mayao4a9ac5550 ""More information about different types of contraception with their pros and cons! I had to research and find out for myself but th",health
"Young leftists are breaking down the points behind their political ideology on TikTok to make it easier for the next generation of voters to understand and get pulled into socialism. Leftist TikTok creators are booming on the platform, putting out content in just the last month that has collectively amassed hundreds of thousands of views and sparked conversations with other users about leftist movements. For some, creators told BuzzFeed News, TikTok is just an entry point to combat what they see as a battle between the populist left and right for the next generation of voters. “Yo yo yo! Inviting y’all to the motherfuckin’ revolution,” Gem Nwanne said in their rendition of a TikTok trend where creators parody party announcements over bars of a Chief Keef song. “Location? Around the world. Time? Right the fuck now! Cost? Your privilege. We talkin’ BYO skillset! No cops!” In another TikTok posted a little over a week later, Nwanne hopped on another trend where they danced to a clip of “I Gets Crazy,” a deep-cut Nicki Minaj and Lil Wayne song, while listing out the “stages of radical politicization.” In the clip, Nwanne bops to the song as the different stages of radicalized political thought pop up onscreen. In the 10 second clip, “all full-time workers should be able to afford food and shelter” quickly progresses into “take back the means of production, eat the rich & secure the safety of all people” as Nwanne dances more erratically. The video has over 195,000 views and 40,000 likes. Those audio and video give creators the freedom to twist and riff for a moment of virality, thousands of likes, or hopefully a few thousand follows from the millions of people that have logged onto the app. Nwanne said that when they first started using TikTok, they only wanted to use it to watch memes. Their friends had told them it was a funny, lighthearted space on the internet similar to Vine, which had shut down in early 2017. Since Nwanne started making their own TikToks in early ",politics
"On the night of Dec. 9, New York–based movie producer Michael Liu was on his phone, playing Venmo ping-pong with a friend. He bought a photography book earlier that day and had it signed by the author. He gave it to his friend, who is a fan. “I insisted it was a Christmas gift,” Liu told BuzzFeed News. “She sent a Venmo for $85 to me; I sent it back. She tried again, and I sent it back again.” Immediately after the last transaction, Liu’s phone was bombarded with dozens of requests from strangers, both for money and to connect on the app. The payment request spammers were seemingly targeting users who had made public transactions in the hopes that some of the requests would be granted. While declining them, he was careful not to tap the “pay” button. “I imagine if [the request] is successful on accident, they can make some good money,” Liu said. One account that spammed Liu goes by the name “morgan wise.” Its avatar is a screenshot from musician Maggie Lindemann’s Snapchat, and the profile showed no friends or public payments are associated with it. Other profile pictures from the spammers, Liu said, appeared to be taken from Instagram models BuzzFeed News spoke to three people who’ve recently experienced the same deluge of Venmo requests, ranging from $1 to $100, primarily from accounts whose pictures were of women. All of them had one thing in common: The notifications immediately followed a public transaction on Venmo. Conner Grant of Boston was in a work meeting when the requests started flying in. “I was a little nervous my account was compromised,” Grant told BuzzFeed News. But his account wasn’t hacked. A friend had just completed Grant’s Venmo request after a night of drinks, which seemingly prompted the flood of alerts. Grant reached out to Venmo, and in an email dated Dec. 5, a support agent named Alex B. wrote, “Thank [sic] for making us aware of this activity. Recently Venmo was featured in a viral video that encouraged users to connect with other users ",tech
"Johnson & Johnson announced a recall of some 33,000 bottles of its Johnson’s Baby Powder on Friday, after FDA tests detected asbestos in a single bottle of the product bought online. People who own a bottle of Johnson's Baby Powder from Lot #22318RB should stop using it, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. (JJCI) said in a release announcing the recall and refunds. ""The FDA stands by the quality of its testing and results and is not aware of any adverse events relating to exposure to the lot of affected products,"" agency spokesperson Gloria Sánchez-Contreras said in a statement emailed to BuzzFeed News. The company is facing lawsuits from thousands of women, many of whom have claimed that Johnson & Johnson’s talcum products contributed to their cancers. In one historic decision last year, a jury awarded $4.69 billion to 22 women and their families. The women had claimed that their ovarian cancer was linked to asbestos contamination in the company’s powder and talc products. Soft, powdered talc absorbs moisture and is used in a range of cosmetics, from eye shadow to baby powder. Talc can be contaminated with asbestos because deposits of both of the naturally occurring minerals can occur close to each other underground. The WHO’s International Agency for Research on Cancer considers all forms of asbestos carcinogenic to humans and has said the mineral causes cancers of the lung, larynx, and ovaries, as well as mesotheliomas, which are cancers that develop in the inner lining of tissue surrounding some organs. Because of this risk, the FDA recommends frequent testing of talc products, as well as inspecting talc mining sites to avoid contamination. Johnson & Johnson has argued that they take thorough steps to screen for talc that’s tainted with asbestos. “JJCI has a rigorous testing standard in place to ensure its cosmetic talc is safe and years of testing, including the FDA's own testing on prior occasions--and as recently as last month--found no asbestos,” the company sai",science
"Getting to Sandpoint — a small vacation town just an hour south of the Canadian border, in the Idaho panhandle — means taking the “Long Bridge” over Lake Pend Oreille, a sprawling body of water French trappers named for its resemblance to an earring, or at least an ear. The bridge is two miles long and offers a breathtaking panorama of the Selkirk, Bitterroot, and Cabinet mountain ranges, blanketed in national forest, standing sentinel in the background. In good weather, the lake feels endless and bottomless, a reflection of a season that feels like it’ll never end. In bad, the wind whipping off feels like a curse. To be on the Long Bridge when a train comes through on the adjacent rail bridge — which it does, several times every day and night — is to feel transported to a different decade, if not century. It all feels precarious and pristine, secret and special. Most everyone who moves to Sandpoint, population 8,700 — or the surrounding area of Bonner County, population just under 45,000 — has a “Long Bridge story”: what it felt like to drive across it for the first time, and the incredible urge to make some part of that place their own. Which is to say that Bonner County, like the rest of Idaho, is filled with transplants, especially from California, with more coming every day. Some come north over the Long Bridge and are drawn to Sandpoint’s quaint downtown, anchored by an old grain elevator that’s been turned into a climbing gym. There’s a community-run theater, restored to its 1927 glory, and a smattering of brewpubs and coffee shops, offering Indian food and acai bowls. It’s Main Street USA, only with better skiing and more shops selling puffy jackets. Some of these people are retirees, who might have arrived 30 years ago or last month; others are young families in search of a small-town, outdoors-oriented life. And most of them, at least the ones who choose to live in town, are pretty liberal. In 2016, both precincts that make up the town voted for Clinton; t",reader
"Honestly, plane seats seem to be legit smaller and they're constricting for almost all sizes tbh. Again, the average woman is a size 16–18. Get off your high horse, Karen. I need something smaller in the chest and wider in the hips, this shouldn't be THAT inaccessible. Like, there's gotta be a better way. What the shit is this? If you don't think I look damn good in my fishnet leggings, you are deranged. What if I told you I work out regularly, eat my veggies, and also enjoy ice cream sometimes??? I've run three half marathons, but thanks!!!!! Still looking for one. Like, this t-shirt really shouldn't be $60. I AM beautiful, Kevin. Going to a store and discovering they only carry up to size 12, even though the average woman is a size...16–18. And finding stores with ""extended sizes"" that actually run small AF or just don't accommodate your proportions. Airplane seats and the hell of always unintentionally lifting the arm rest with your hips. And then of course getting dirty stares of judgment and ridicule as if you are not a human for having more body mass? Finding a coat that fits all your body parts and doesn't cost a million dollars. Buying a swimsuit and always having to mix and match tops and bottoms so they actually support your boobs and butt. Finding control top tights that look cute, feel nice, and don't crush your organs. In general, just figuring out what size you actually are since plus size clothing can run big or only fit certain shapes. And then trying to online shop and inevitably ALWAYS having to return something. Also when online shopping and there's plus size options, and yet they're still using a size 4 model...so you have no context of what the clothing looks like on you. Wearing a button up and dealing with those boob peep holes. When you get fat-shamed on a dating app. And when people just assume you're unhealthy because you're a bigger size. That moment when some gym rat just HAS to tell you how they can help you or what you can do to lose we",health
"Congressional Democrats filed a bill on Tuesday to study the safety of sex workers — an attempt to figure out if Congress’s own crackdown on sex trafficking websites has caused dangerous ramifications. “As lawmakers, we are responsible for examining unintended consequences of all legislation,” Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a sponsor of the bill, said in a statement on Tuesday. But Warren, a presidential candidate, voted for the anti-trafficking bill known as FOSTA-SESTA that she now worries may be problematic. She said her duty to study the law “includes any impact [FOSTA-SESTA] may have had on the ability of sex workers to protect themselves from physical or financial abuse.” Trouble began when Congress rushed through legislation in early 2018 called the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act and the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act. The bipartisan measure was designed to undermine human traffickers by prohibiting online platforms used for the trade. But in the process, FOSTA-SESTA also outlawed the networks that many sex workers used to screen clients, form protective social structures, and look out for one another. The bill filed Thursday reports that FOSTA-SESTA has made sex workers more vulnerable to predators on the street. “Sex workers have reported a reduced ability to screen potential clients for safety, and negotiate for boundaries such as condom use, resulting in 14 reports of physical and sexual violence,” said the legislation. Led by Rep. Ro Khanna in the House, the nine-page bill would attempt to study the actual fallout — or benefits — of FOSTA-SESTA, thereby possibly giving lawmakers justification to amend or repeal the law. ""I think it's really courageous for Sen. Warren to support this,"" Khanna said, saying he understood lawmakers may fear being branded as pro–sex work. ""Some people are worried about a 30-second attack ad."" This bill had 10 cosponsors on Tuesday between the House and Senate, including Sen. Bernie Sanders,",politics
"Infowars, the right-wing conspiracy theory site founded by Alex Jones, does not regret publishing false claims that the 2012 Sandy Hook elementary school shooting was a hoax, according to a new deposition with news director Rob Dew exclusively obtained by BuzzFeed News. “I think our reporting stopped what was going to be a lot of anti-gun legislation that was coming down,” Dew said, adding, “I am proud of that.” The nearly two-hour deposition with Dew provided a glimpse into the inner workings of the shadowy media operation, detailing how its founder and employees created news stories and sold them as the “real” truth to millions of viewers. It comes amid the ongoing and catastrophic fall of Jones, who has been largely banned from Apple, Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube. In the past year, Jones has lost a number of appeals in defamation cases brought by the families of Sandy Hook victims and has been ordered to pay thousands in fines for not taking the suits seriously and destroying evidence. Meanwhile, two of his former employees have accused him of discrimination and harassment. (Jones has denied the claims.) Earlier this month, an ex-producer wrote a damning account in the New York Times describing how Jones fed his audience’s “prejudices and fears.” In the newly released deposition, Dew — acting as the representative of Infowars’ parent company, Free Speech Systems — repeatedly said he did not know, did not remember, or was not prepared to answer almost every question about how he, Jones, and other employees found and verified their information about the Sandy Hook shooting before claiming it as fact and blasting it across their sprawling network of platforms. Dew claimed he did not remember how he and Jones obtained evidence used to support narratives in videos like “Sandy Hook was a DHS Illusion” and “Sandy Hook Vampires Exposed,” and said he was proud of Infowars’ coverage and never meant to “hurt families.” Dew also argued that the site's Sandy Hook coverage h",tech
"An event hosted by Rev. Al Sharpton's civil rights organization and poised to raise dangerous anti-vaccine viewpoints in Harlem this weekend was canceled by the group on Tuesday, after physicians and public health officials argued that the event was harmful and targeted the African American community. ""We said both sides must be heard — we haven’t taken a position yet,"" Sharpton said, asked about the National Action Network's decision to host the event in the first place. Sharpton clarified that he was not hosting the event and was not even sure whether he'd attend. The free event, which was planned to be hosted by NAN's chapter in Harlem, was slated to come just one month after New York City declared an end to its largest measles outbreak in nearly 30 years. The outbreak, largely attributed to vaccine misinformation and a dip in immunization rates in the orthodox Jewish community in Brooklyn, infected 654 people and cost the city over $6 million, spurring a repeal of religious exemptions to vaccines in the state. Robert F. Kennedy Jr., the notorious anti-vaccine proponent leading the effort to sue the state over the repeal of that law, was one of the speakers slated to attend the event. The event was set to be hosted by Curtis Cost, president of the National Action Network’s Scholars Committee, who in 1998 hosted another event in Harlem sponsored by Sharpton and NAN providing a ""both sides"" approach calling into question whether AIDS was caused by HIV. The American Academy of Pediatrics has said, ""Claims that vaccines are linked to autism, or are unsafe when administered according to the recommended schedule, have been disproven by a robust body of medical literature."" Other public health experts criticized the move to host the event in Harlem, a New York City neighborhood with a large black community. ""In 2019 the antivaccine ringleaders targeted the Orthodox Jewish community to flood them with a phony pamphlet, hold teleconferences, robocalls, and town hall meeti",science
"The life cycle of a makeup YouTuber is pretty rote at this point. You start small, reviewing products and making how-to videos. Eventually you invest in a ring light, make a little money, and start buying Anastasia Beverly Hills brow powder so you stop looking like Groucho Marx. You get in on challenge videos, doing your makeup in the back of a car, for example, or while blindfolded or with drugstore products only. You make more money, start selling your own merchandise or, if you’re lucky, do a collaboration (you call it a “collab”) with Morphe for brushes or palettes or setting powders. Then you say something offensive — maybe it was a few years ago and you forgot you ever said it, maybe it’s some bygone tweet that is probably, definitely racist — and then you have to make a video apologizing. As proof that you’re being sincere, you demonetize the video and film it without makeup or filters. Everyone is mad at you. You wait it out. Then you get back to work. Jeffree Star, a 34-year-old makeup artist, entrepreneur, and prolific YouTuber with 16.6 million subscribers, must know this routine by heart. Once a musician and club bunny running around LA in the early aughts, he launched Jeffree Star Cosmetics in 2014 and is now successful, controversial, and rich. In 2018, Star made $18 million from his YouTube channel alone, making him one of the top five earners on YouTube, in addition to the estimated $100 million worth of product sold through his cosmetics line. Star has also had to apologize — a lot. Like in 2017, when racist videos he’d made more than a decade prior began circulating (“I apologize deep down to the core of my fucking being,” he said at the time), or when footage of him following women and screaming the n-word at them resurfaced. There were other controversies, too — the video of him harassing a Warped Tour attendee in 2009 (which he never addressed), or the time his former best friend and cosmetics industry competitor Kat Von D accused him of shady b",reader
"If we don't get asked this one first... ...then we get asked this: Seriously. And... again: You'd think someone would come up with another question, maybe? Like, what? There's nothing to even say about this one: OMG Karen, you can't just ask people why they're disabled! (Sorry, I had to.) Well! I guess we need to create a new city, guys! I've seen worse texts... but ""gentle""? Really? Apparently our wheelchairs affect our hairstyles...? And the best one of them all. Whatever you do, please don't be this guy:",health
"WASHINGTON — Rick Gates, President Donald Trump’s former deputy campaign manager, was sentenced Tuesday to 45 days in jail and three years of probation for financial crimes and lying to investigators. Gates was former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort’s “right-hand man” during the campaign, according to charging papers, and the two were charged together with a litany of crimes related to concealing their work for Ukrainian officials. But Gates pleaded guilty in February 2018 to two counts brought by then–special counsel Robert Mueller’s office — conspiracy against the United States for concealing their Ukraine work and profits from it, as well as lying to Mueller’s office. Gates will also have to pay a $20,000 fine as part of his sentence. Since pleading guilty, Gates had cooperated extensively with Mueller’s office, including testifying against Manafort in his trial. Prosecutors had pushed for a light sentence to reflect Gates’s assistance, while Manafort was sentenced to nearly seven years in prison in March. Manafort was recently hospitalized for a “cardiac event,” ABC News reported, though he is in “stable” condition and “could be released soon,” sources told the outlet. Gates worked under Manafort for the Trump campaign beginning in June 2016 and later went to work for Trump’s inauguration committee. During Manafort’s trial, Gates admitted to stealing hundreds of thousands of dollars from his former friend; he also said it was “possible” that he stole from the inauguration committee as well. Though Gates and Manafort were charged for concealing their work with Ukraine — including hiding money from the US government in foreign bank accounts, failing to pay taxes on it, and not reporting lobbying efforts in the US — it has not been connected to Trump’s interactions with Ukraine that are at the heart of the impeachment investigation against the president. Gates also testified against longtime Trump adviser Roger Stone, who was found guilty last month of lying t",politics
"When Facebook caught the New Zealand–based company Social Media Series Limited selling likes from fake users on Instagram, the tech giant did something out of character. It sued. The lawsuit, filed in April, was a departure from Facebook’s previously less confrontational approach to those it caught abusing its platform. When people and companies ran afoul of its policies, Facebook would slap them with bans and cease-and-desist letters but rarely took them to court. But in a turbulent moment for the company — with antitrust investigations mounting and US presidential candidates seeking to break it up — the social media giant is attempting to demonstrate it’s serious about cleaning up its act. And that means sending a message via the courts. ""By filing the lawsuit, we are sending a message that this kind of fraudulent activity is not tolerated on our services,” Jessica Romero, Facebook’s director of platform enforcement and litigation, said in a press release. “We will act to protect the integrity of our platform."" A former federal prosecutor who went after Chinese hackers while working for the Department of Justice, Romero joined Facebook roughly a year ago to create a deterrent for bad actors. In her short tenure, she’s gone after alleged criminals selling fake engagement, committing ad fraud, abusing user data, and cybersquatting on the company’s trademarks. Her action against Social Media Series Limited is one of eight lawsuits filed this year as part of Facebook’s aggressive new litigation strategy. The signal Romero hoped to send is clear: Actors who exploit the platform at scale risk being pursued in court. She told the Washington Post that her team will pursue “anything that impacts our user safety whether it be because of privacy reasons, fraud or misleading information on our platforms.” (Facebook declined to make Romero available for an interview.) In addition to its action against Social Media Series Limited, this year Facebook has sued two Chinese app mak",tech
"As health agencies scramble to control a rash of mysterious vaping-related lung injuries, YouTube is playing host to dozens of videos that offer step-by-step instructions on how to make black-market THC vape oil. Some of these videos, which are rife with safety hazards, including the use of potentially harmful chemicals, have been viewed millions of times. The proliferation of the videos underscores the challenge of pinning down the cause, or causes, of the outbreak. Nearly 1,300 lung injuries, including 26 deaths, have been confirmed in every state but Alaska, the CDC said Thursday, and in 76% of cases, patients have reported vaping THC products. Contaminants in the vaping liquids, such as vitamin E acetate used as a “thickener,” have come under suspicion as culprits. “I cannot overstate the seriousness of these lung injuries,"" Anne Schuchat, principal deputy director of the CDC, said in a news conference on Friday. In response to the outbreak, the CDC and the FDA have urged people to stop vaping THC. ""Some new, risky practices in preparation of these materials"" may be causing the illnesses, Schuchat added. In 10 videos reviewed by BuzzFeed News, hosts transform cannabis flowers into oils with the help of casserole dishes, spatulas, mason jars, ovens, hair straighteners, and equipment and chemicals bought online. Their how-to guides have drawn audiences in the hundreds of thousands, and as high as 1 or 2 million in some cases. (BuzzFeed News is not linking to these videos in this story.) “We’re going to show you today how to make a marijuana-infused e-liquid, so you can vape it as you would in a normal cigarette,” said a man in a video titled “How To Make Marijuana E-Cig Liquid / E-liquid” (which has received 1.4 million views) on the channel Lets Vape, which has north of 24,000 subscribers and appears to be based in Europe. “Now it’s very simple. We have a kit ready that will make this really, really easy for you.” But the process is in fact complex and can also b",science
"The finalists were: Sabrina & Corina: Stories by Kali Fajardo-Anstine  Black Leopard, Red Wolf by Marlon James The Other Americans by Laila Lalami Disappearing Earth by Julia Phillips The finalists were: Thick: And Other Essays by Tressie McMillan Cottom What You Have Heard Is True: A Memoir of Witness and Resistance by Carolyn Forché The Heartbeat of Wounded Knee: Native America from 1890 to the Present by David Treuer Solitary by Albert Woodfox with Leslie George The finalists were: The Tradition by Jericho Brown “I”: New and Selected Poems by Toi Derricotte Deaf Republic by Ilya Kaminsky Be Recorder by Carmen Giménez Smith The finalists were: Death Is Hard Work by Khaled Khalifa; translated by Leri Price The Barefoot Woman by Scholastique Mukasonga; translated by Jordan Stump The Memory Police by Yoko Ogawa; translated by Stephen Snyder Crossing by Pajtim Statovci; translated by David Hackston The finalists were: Pet by Akwaeke Emezi Look Both Ways: A Tale Told in Ten Blocks by Jason Reynolds Patron Saints of Nothing by Randy Ribay Thirteen Doorways, Wolves Behind Them All by Laura Ruby ●   ",reader
"Some entries have been edited for length and/or clarity. —siobhanw4c48ec6b7 ""When my mother came in and asked what happened, I told her I was being Sailor Moon."" —erzascarletisbestgirl —lisamariek —snyderhannah42 —prncesskristyn ""I was told I looked like a cartoon gag because my feet went straight out under me and my face went into the net. I landed on my back and head and was out for a second or two and woke up with an actual bleeding imprint of the net on the left side of my face."" —tinat44a2a842c —jazzycatsindisneyland —kaisharif —paolaa4eb128e47 —hennaw —beyourowndensity —invasivemage —whitneys4a5bc796d ""I managed to get out, and next day at the hospital (the pain got even worse and I could barely move), they found out I had broken a lumbar vertebrae. Oops. I had to undergo surgery, and now I have some titanium screws in my spine, which will forever remind me of my stupidity."" —kaa —kniche —angieg421ddf032 —meenuh_tujayduh —zoeo4be6435f9 —elisabethefergusone —laurenm4a2d62ce7 —yasminm41e570534 We asked members of the BuzzFeed Community to share their funniest injury stories. Here are some of the most hilarious responses. ""I tried to butter some bread with a blunt butter knife, but I somehow stabbed the webbing between my thumb and finger. I needed five stitches and just missed a tendon."" ""When I was 9 and watching Sailor Moon, I was trying to mimic her transformation move where she twirls with her foot in the air. I lost my balance and fell into my gran's glass cabinet with all the plates we can't touch, and the glass sliced my leg from my ankle to my knee."" ""I sliced my hand open with a frozen waffle. I still have a gnarly scar 20 years later...."" ""I was doing an elaborate interpretive dance to an Alessia Cara song. (Alone, in my room. I’m not a dancer.) While doing an overzealous twirl, I tripped and broke my toe."" ""I once sprained my wrist because I was drumming on my steering wheel to the Moana soundtrack a little too enthusiastically."" ""I was playing volley",health
"WASHINGTON — Rep. Stacey Plaskett, a delegate to Congress representing the US Virgin Islands, penned a letter earlier this month asking House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to appoint her as one of the House managers in the Senate’s impeachment trial of Donald Trump. The letter, obtained by BuzzFeed News, offers a rare glimpse at the raw ambition members seldom exhibit in public when lobbying the Speaker of the House. In her note to Pelosi, Plaskett laid out a case that her representation in the yet-to-be-decided group of members presenting the case against Trump at a Senate trial would be especially notable to her constituents as citizens who do not have full voting rights. House Democrats are expected to have the votes to impeach Trump, making him the third president to be impeached in US history. “Considering the fact that Virgin Islanders, who are indeed Americans and enlist in our military in higher numbers than any state in the [union] and at the same time we cannot vote for the president of the United States, this would be a great opportunity for me to represent my constituents,” Plaskett said. “Appointing me one of the House Managers will indeed let the residents of the Territories and the District of Columbia know that they do indeed have a voice in the process. “Not only was I a prosecutor, you know I worked at the Department of Justice. I headed up the litigation against the tobacco companies and so I feel like I’m able to go up against whomever. Along with the fact that I worked in a Republican Administration at the Department of Justice. I wasn’t there just as a line attorney, I was a political person in a Republican Administration — you have the rest.” Plaskett highlighted her “long history of public service” as an assistant district attorney in New York City and having worked at the Department of Justice. Plaskett said her experience as a prosecutor concerning “anti-corruption, compliance and rule of law” could function as “great asset” for the process “conside",politics
"Other than the haze, ringing smoke alarms and face masks, it's business as usual in Sydney. Food delivery workers continue to zip through traffic in the CBD on bicycles and scooters, dodging pedestrians to pick up and drop off food. Popular food delivery companies have continued to accept orders despite air quality levels far exceeding ""hazardous"" levels, raising questions about the health of the workers spending long periods exposed to the smoke. Eleni, who declined to provide her last name, rides a push bike to deliver for Uber Eats. She said she's aware of the dangers of riding in the smoke, but is still choosing to work. She bought a face mask to wear while riding — albeit one that doesn't meet the standard recommended to protect users from smoke. ""I can't afford to not deliver,"" she said. An investigation conducted by the Fair Work Ombudsman earlier this year found that Uber delivery drivers are considered independent contractors and not employees in Australia. This means they are not entitled to certain workplace standards and benefits such as the minimum wage, superannuation, and annual leave and sick leave. Because independent contractors are not entitled to paid leave, any work missed is lost income. Some workers in other professions who work outside, such as electricians and dock workers, have stopped work due to Sydney's air conditions. And experts have recommended that residents avoid spending long periods outside or exercising in the smoke. BuzzFeed News contacted Uber, Deliveroo and Menulog to see whether they had any plans to suspend delivery services due to the smoke. All said they didn't. Uber and Deliveroo said they were providing information to their riders. Michael Kaine is the president of the Transport Workers' Union, which represents food delivery drivers. He said the food delivery companies' resistance to stopping work or providing safety equipment for their riders isn't surprising. ""These are the same companies which don’t provide them with ",tech
"Utilities in Northern and Southern California have cut power from hundreds of thousands of customers as strong winds and parched conditions created a high risk that overhead power lines would spark disastrous wildfires. The map above shows the fire risk forecast for today and tomorrow from the US Forest Service’s Wildland Fire Assessment System. It will update with each new forecast. The state’s largest utility, Pacific Gas & Electric (PG&E), which serves Central and Northern California, started pulling the plug on hundreds of thousands of customers on Wednesday, with the weather forecast predicting high winds blowing from inland areas toward the coast. More than 730,000 customers had their power cut, but PG&E said on Thursday morning that it had restored service to about 127,000. (PG&E estimates that each customer corresponds to about three people, so the number of people still without power could be more than 1.8 million.) The sudden outages caused concern for people who need power for medical reasons, apparently catching some public officials by surprise. PG&E has warned that some customers could be without power for up to five days. “Weather conditions have improved and PG&E crews are now conducting safety patrols and inspections where power had been turned off for safety,” according to a statement posted on PG&E's website on Thursday morning. “Crews will ensure transmission and distribution lines are free of damage and safe to energize before power can be restored. Inspections will take place during daylight hours.” PG&E filed for bankruptcy in January, in the face of legal claims running into billions of dollars after its power lines were found to have triggered the November 2018 Camp Fire, which devastated the town of Paradise. That fire killed 85 people and destroyed almost 19,000 buildings. It was the deadliest wildfire in state history. On Thursday morning, Southern California Edison also began cutting power to parts of Los Angeles, San Bernardino, and Ven",science
"Recently, I screenshotted a tweet and sent it to all my friends. Most of them had already seen it, because it had 70,900 likes and 17,900 retweets, including some from feminist writers I respect and admire. The tweet said: “what i love about my friends is that 70 years ago we all would have been lobotomized.” I sent it to a group chat I had ironically named “Female Hysteria” all the way back in the fall of 2016, when we thought we might be reclaiming the word. We were eight women diagnosed with various mental illnesses, though the name felt fitting for reasons beyond our officially disordered minds. “Lmao same,” I wrote under the screenshot in the group chat, even though something about the tweet made me vaguely uneasy in the same way a lot of the feminist media I’ve been consuming and screenshotting lately has. I’ve noticed a lot of brilliant women giving up on shouting and complaining, and instead taking on a darkly comic, deadpan tone when writing about their feminism. This approach presents overtly horrifying facts about uniquely feminine struggles and delivers them flatly, dripping with sarcasm. Maybe it’s a curdling of the hyperoptimistic, #girlboss, “Run the World (Girls)” feminism of the aughts, characterized by an uneasy combination of plaintive begging and swaggering confidence that gender equality was just past the horizon line. But Sex and the City and Cosmo tutorials on how to come didn’t make much of a crack in the bell jar. So instead we now seem to be interiorizing our existential aches and angst, smirking knowingly at them, and numbing ourselves to maintain our nonchalance. Let’s call it dissociation feminism. Twitter is perhaps the perfect medium on which to dissociate, utterly removed as it is from the body and the image. Dasha Nekrasova, a controversial actor, podcast host, and Twitter celebrity, has a second account devoted to tracking what she eats and how she feels about it, where she writes things like “nice and dissociated after pilates and ",reader
"Minkin explained that the strap muscles that go alongside the belly button get pushed apart during pregnancy. ""With the belly getting larger and the abdomen growing with the pregnant uterus, the muscles can get pushed to the side, causing gaps between the two strap muscles. It is common, but theres a surgery to fix it."" ""Varicose veins are kind of like hemorrhoids in the sense that they are more problematic during pregnancy due to all the extra blood flow, but they can be an issue even afterwards, too. Varicose veins can get more prominent in your legs too,"" she said. ""In the United States, it can develop if you have an episiotomy breakdown – or when you tear into the rectum. Sometimes when doctors go to repair it, it can break down and you end up with a fistula, but thats fortunately very rare."" ""A woman's weight disposition can change after a pregnancy. This tends to happen as one gets older as well,"" said Minkin. ""Your hormones can go down even lower than they were before pregnancy and, when you breastfeed, you lower your estrogen levels even more. The hormones from breastfeeding suppress ovarian activity, so you are in a post menopausal state,"" explained Minkin. Minkin said that when you're actively breastfeeding, your breasts will be bigger – but once you finish breastfeeding – they will typically be smaller. ""We know it happens, but we don't know the exact physiology for why it happens. And sometimes we will also see asymmetry when they shrink down. It can happen whether or not a woman breastfeeds, but it is much more commonly seen in women who breastfeed."" Minkin said women typically grow half a size to a full size – and it can happen with each successive pregnancy! ""It may be related more to arches growing rather than actual tissue growing. The height of the arch may get a little flatter and the foot will then be longer."" ""What I suggest is, if you're losing a lot of hair, don't panic because it happens to many women. The key thing is to get your thyroid fun",health
"It was 2012, and the state of Minnesota was split almost exactly in half. Republicans had worked to put a constitutional amendment on the ballot that would ban marriage for same-sex couples, and it had left voters divided. Some days, LGBTQ leaders thought they could narrowly defeat the amendment; other days, it looked certain to pass. The debate was everywhere in the state, with Democrats publicly opposing the ban. But a young staffer came to a realization just days after she started working on Sen. Amy Klobuchar’s reelection campaign: Her new boss was not going to talk about it. Sen. Al Franken, Klobuchar’s counterpart in the Senate, had come out against the amendment in May 2011, days after Amendment 1, as it was known, was first approved by Minnesota Republicans; by January 2012, Franken and his wife were cutting ads supporting marriage equality. But as the months ticked by, Klobuchar, whose name would also be on the ballot that fall, was silent. Inside her campaign, the staffer said, it was clear that Klobuchar did not want to speak out. “I remember being like, totally wrecked,” said the young staffer, who asked that her name not be used because she feared retribution. “I called my parents and asked, ‘What am I supposed to do? Should I leave the campaign?’” The staffer knew that Klobuchar personally opposed the amendment. But saying so publicly was an entirely different calculation. “I thought, Oh, this is politics.” As a presidential candidate this year, Klobuchar has sold herself to Democratic voters as the primary’s true “electable” moderate, the only candidate who has proven they can win in rural, red areas across the Midwest. It’s an image that has gained momentum recently among Democratic voters looking for a centrist, bipartisan voice. Her outsize popularity in the mostly purple state of Minnesota has been cultivated with careful attention to local issues and a record of working across the political aisle. But Klobuchar’s “electability” is also rooted in ",politics
"A Facebook contractor was paid thousands of dollars in bribes by a shady affiliate marketer to reactivate ad accounts that had been banned due to policy violations, a BuzzFeed News investigation has found. A company spokesperson confirmed that an unnamed worker was fired after inquiries from BuzzFeed News sparked an internal investigation. The person in question was based in the company’s Austin office, according to information obtained by BuzzFeed News. ""This behavior is absolutely prohibited under our policies and the individual is no longer working with Facebook,"" a Facebook spokesperson said in an emailed statement. ""We’re continuing to investigate the allegations and will take any further necessary action."" The individual was paid to reactivate ad accounts connected to Ads Inc., a San Diego–based marketing firm BuzzFeed News previously revealed was running a sophisticated Facebook scam that involved placing more than $50 million in ads that typically made false claims about celebrities. The ads were part of a scheme that tricked consumers into signing up for an expensive monthly subscription for a product that was initially marketed as a free trial. Ads Inc. announced it was shutting down in October as a result of the BuzzFeed News investigation. Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia told BuzzFeed News that the revelation of a Facebook worker being bribed to reactivate scammy ads was further evidence of the unaccountability of platforms and the corruption endemic to digital advertising markets. “For over four years, I have raised concerns to the [Federal Trade Commission] that behavioral advertising markets are rife with fraud – not just in the form of clickfraud but, exploiting the scale of large platforms, in scams and criminal schemes that directly exploit American consumers,” he said in a statement. “Because of Section 230, neither the victims of these schemes nor state [attorneys general] can seek to hold the platforms accountable for their continued facilitation o",tech
"Three scientists have won the Nobel Prize in chemistry for their work developing lithium-ion batteries. John Goodenough of the University of Texas at Austin, Stanley Whittingham of Binghamton University, State University of New York, and Akira Yoshino of the Asahi Kasei Corporation in Japan were announced as the winners by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences on Wednesday. ""Lithium-ion batteries have revolutionized our lives since they first entered the market in 1991. They have laid the foundation of a wireless, fossil fuel-free society, and are of the greatest benefit to humankind,"" the Academy said in statement. The chemists will split the award, about $905,000, equally. Goodenough, born in 1922, is the oldest person to ever win a Nobel prize, Göran Hansson, secretary general of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, said at a news conference announcing the award. ""Live to 97 and you can do anything,” Goodenough said. “I’m honored and humbled to win the Nobel prize."" Yoshino said via telephone at the awards news conference that he found the news of his win ""amazing"" and ""surprising."" Whittingham did some of his pioneering battery work, and patented it, while working for ExxonMobil in the 1970s and '80s. “The research I have been involved with for over 30 years has helped advance how we store and use energy at a foundational level, and it is my hope that this recognition will help to shine a much-needed light on the nation’s energy future,” he said. The laureates each refined a once-novel battery design that harnessed the shuttling of lithium ions to store and release energy. Their work laid the foundation for the manufacture of small, stable batteries that could be recharged multiple times. Embedded in smartphones, laptops, medical devices such as pacemakers, and more, these miniature power sources transformed the electronics industry. The technology also disrupted the energy sector. Lithium-ion batteries serve as stores for energy captured by solar panels and w",science
"How do you reckon with toxic masculinity when it more or less characterizes a man you love, especially when he’s dying? That’s one of the many questions that members of the Tuchman family — daughter Alex, wife Barbra, brother Gary, and daughter-in-law Twyla — are asking themselves as their patriarch, Victor, lies on his deathbed. Attenberg is so skilled at delving into the psychology of her characters that the result is absorbing, even when sympathy is low. Set in New Orleans, All This Could Be Yours builds a nuanced, house-of-cards story about family dynamics and dysfunction with enough humor and light in the darkness to achieve a sense of truth and beauty. It’s perfect for those days when you feel dark and moody around your family, whether they’re as dysfunctional as the Tuchmans or not. Laurel and Daphne Wolfe are identical twins who are obsessed with words, even making their own “twin language” as babies. As adults, their devotion to language remains strong, but they drastically diverge from each other: Daphne is committed to the rigidity of Standard English, while Laurel is impassioned by the ever-changing nature of the written and spoken word. When the twins fight over who will inherit their family’s prized second edition of the Webster’s New International Dictionary of the English Language, the drama and comedy heighten, resulting in a unique story that’s perfect for word nerds. It’s meta in its wordplay and pokes fun at its own stereotypes. The Grammarians could make perfect fodder for your own family arguments over “correct” grammar at the dinner table…if you want to go down that road. I’ll take any chance I can get to gush about this basically perfect debut memoir about a queer mixed-race kid growing up in Boca Raton, Florida, with Steve Madden money and an overwhelming number of familial secrets — many of which she is completely unaware of until well into adulthood. Written after her father’s death, Long Live the Tribe of Fatherless Girls is in many ways ",reader
"New Zealand has become the latest country to make hormonal intra-uterine devices free, but Australia's uptake of the contraceptives — beloved by women's health professionals — still lags. New Zealand's pharmaceutical management agency today confirmed it would next month fully fund two hormonal IUDs, Mirena (for which Australian women still pay hundreds of dollars), and Jaydess, (which is unavailable in Australia). The hormonal IUD is inserted into the uterus, where it releases a small amount of progestin (a synthetic version of the naturally occurring hormone, progesterone) which thickens the cervical mucus, making it a hostile environment for sperm, so they can't get up there to reach the egg. It can provide contraception for multiple years, which makes it what is called a long-acting reversible contraceptive (LARC). LARCs are a group of methods that include IUDs (copper and hormonal), contraceptive injections and implants, which are all more than 99% effective. The failure rate of Mirena, specifically, is very low. Clinical trials put the cumulative failure rate at 0.21% after one year. Australia’s major hospital, health care and family planning organisations have long called for increased access to LARCs as the nation’s uptake is lower than other Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development countries. Hormonal IUDs make up just 1.9% of the contraceptives prescribed by GPs in Australia, while oral contraceptives account for 68%. The Australian Healthcare and Hospitals Association reported in 2016 that 43% of women who had unintended pregnancies were on the contraceptive pill. The government has outlined an ""increase in the availability and uptake"" of LARCs as a ""key measure of success"" in its national women's health strategy but provides no explicit indication of how that would be achieved. Labor made an election promise to review the Medicare rebate for LARCs and support the training of more GPs to insert them, but lost the election. A Department of Hea",health
"Michael Bloomberg’s presidential campaign is promising some prospective campaign field staffers in battleground states that they’ll be employed with the campaign even if the former New York City mayor isn’t on the ballot for the general election in November, a person familiar with the campaign told BuzzFeed News. “We’re building an operation to make sure Donald Trump doesn’t get a second term, and that is a concurrent operation of running in the primary while building an apparatus to run in a general election starting right now against Donald Trump and contesting him in the states where he’s had free advertising by holding rallies and building the apparatus to win a general election,” a Bloomberg campaign staffer told BuzzFeed News. “We’re already contesting it in those states because we believe Democrats need to be doing that right now.” The campaign is also moving into the New York Times’ old office in the near future, according to a person familiar with the campaign. The move into the historic New York City building is part of the campaign’s intense, high-paced entrance into the Democratic primary. Since Bloomberg announced that he was running for president, the campaign has hired more than 300 staffers — 100 of those staffers have been sent to field teams across 15 different states. Before Bloomberg launched his presidential campaign, he committed to spending $100 million on anti-Trump advertisements and has committed $15 million to $20 million on voter registration efforts in battleground states across the country. That’s in addition to his direct campaign spending, which has already reportedly totaled around $100 million since he entered the race in late November. During a recent field office opening in Charlotte, North Carolina, Bloomberg promised that the campaign wouldn’t disappear from the state after Super Tuesday. “We’ll be staying through Nov. 3, when we defeat you-know-who and turn North Carolina blue,” said Bloomberg.",politics
"With a new update today, the Facebook Portal can be used exclusively with a WhatsApp log-in and calls — no Facebook account needed. Previously, the Portal could call people on WhatsApp, but callers still needed to create and log in with an active Facebook account. This should be good news for anyone interested in the Portal, but who either didn’t have a Facebook account or didn’t trust Facebook (reasonable!), to have a video-chat device in their home. The original countertop Portal and the new Portal TV are genuinely great video-chatting devices, with clear pictures, easy-to-use interfaces, fun face filters, and a smart camera that makes it seamless to have several people onscreen (even little ones who move around a lot). The Portal TV is even better than the countertop device because it’s a tiny gizmo that turns your TV into a video chat, rather than a bulky device with a screen the size of an iPad. In BuzzFeed News’ review of these products, I wholeheartedly recommend them as fun and entertaining. Of course, I also realize that nobody wants one in their home, because, you know…what dummy would allow an always-on Facebook video camera into their home? No matter how private and secure the company promises the Portal is (and honestly, it’s pretty secure!), a lot of people are turned off by it being a Facebook product. Now you can use WhatsApp to log in and make calls to other WhatsApp users. (Previously, you could make video calls to someone’s phone, for which they didn’t need a Portal as well.) Yes, WhatsApp is owned by Facebook, so technically you’re still using some sort of Zuckerberg-controlled calling. WhatsApp calls are end-to-end encrypted, which is more secure than just the Portal via Messenger calls. And while the content of your Portal calls isn’t used for advertising, some basic data, like how often you use it, is (you might see more Facebook ads for video-calling, for example). But if you’re using WhatsApp, you can avoid all that. While the Portal is stil",tech
"One American and two Swiss scientists were jointly awarded the 2019 Nobel Prize in Physics on Tuesday morning for their discoveries about the nature of the universe and the first planet seen orbiting a sun-like star outside our solar system. James Peebles of Princeton University was awarded the prize for cosmological discoveries, and Michel Mayor and Didier Queloz of Switzerland's University of Geneva were honored for the 1995 discovery of the planet 51 Pegasi b, according to the announcement from the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in Stockholm. ""Their discoveries have forever changed our conceptions of the world,"" the Nobel Committee tweeted. Peebles was awarded half of the prize for explaining how to understand cosmic microwave radiation, a leftover heat signature from the first 400,000 years of the universe after its birth 13.8 billion years ago. ""Using his theoretical tools and calculations, James Peebles was able to interpret these traces from the infancy of the universe and discover new physical processes,"" the academy said in its prize announcement. Starting in the 1960's, his work revealed that everyday matter — the stuff of stars, planets, and people — is only about 5% of the material of the cosmos. The rest is dark matter, an unobservable kind of matter that shapes galaxies, and dark energy, a force that is leading to the accelerating expansion of the universe. ""These things just happen,"" Peebles said of his discoveries, in a news conference arranged by the academy. He called winning the Nobel ""charming,"" but added, ""you should enter science because you are fascinated by it,"" rather than for prizes. ""They say the Nobel isn't a lifetime achievement award but Peebles has contributed so broadly across so many areas for so long, that it almost is,"" David Pendlebury of the Institute for Scientific Information told BuzzFeed News. Peebles' 1965 paper on background radiation in the universe was lauded by the prize committee, but Pendlebury noted his most cited ",science
"He was an angry man, and he was an ugly man, and he was tall, and he was pacing. Not much space for it in the new home, just a few rooms lined up in a row, underneath a series of slow-moving ceiling fans, an array of antique clocks ticking on one wall. He made it from one end of the apartment to the other in no time at all—his speed a failure as much as it was a success—then it was back to the beginning, flipping on his heel, grinding himself against the floor, the earth, this world. The pacing came after the cigar and the Scotch. Both had been unsatisfactory. The bottle of Scotch had been sitting too close to the window for months, and the afternoon sun had destroyed it, a fact he had only now just realized, the flavor of the Scotch so bitter he had to spit it out. And he had coughed his way through his cigar, the smoke tonight tickling his throat vindictively. All the things he loved to do, smoking, drinking, walking off his frustrations, those pleasures were gone. He’d been at the casino earlier, hanging with the young bucks. Trying to keep up with them. But even then, he’d blown through that pleasure fast. A thousand bucks gone, a visit to the bathroom stall. What was the point of it? He had so little left to give him joy, or the approximation of it. Release, that was always how he had thought of it. A release from the grip of life. His wife, Barbra, sat on the couch, her posture tepid, shoulders loose, head slouched, no acknowledgment of his existence. But she glanced at him now as he paused in front of her, and then she dropped her head back down again. Her hair dyed black, chin limping slightly into her neck, but still, at sixty-eight years old, as petite and wide-eyed as ever. Once she had been the grand prize. He had won her, he thought, like a stuffed animal at a sideshow alley. She flipped through an Architectural Digest. Those days are gone, sweetheart, he thought. Those objects are unavailable to you. Their lives had become a disgrace. Now would have be",reader
"If you leave the gym looking like this, you're the worst. It's really not hard to put your weights back. Not hard at all. Like, come on. Do you really need that many weights? Ridiculous. Just truly infuriating. You know they didn't put a single one of those back. Or, if they did, put them back like this. Like, c'mon. Save some weights for the rest of us, bud. Smh. Please stay away from the gym. Very, very far away. People, PLEASE — rerack your weights.",health
"He doesn’t bother explaining why he’s here. This is early on, late May, a few months into the race, but he is already of the belief that he is doing something extraordinary with his presidential campaign — something that’s never been done before. The trouble is describing it. There’s no word for this in modern politics. It is, he believes, “a new way to communicate with the American people” — though he won’t say this until later, and only when asked. Even now, long after he’s put this work at the center of his campaign — at his events, in ads, on Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube — he won’t talk about it much. He isn’t sure it’ll work, or if people are “picking up on what we’re trying to do here.” The media, he believes, has always believed, can’t fathom what’s at the heart of this. So when he arrives at the house, a small mobile home 40 miles outside Montgomery, Alabama, over the Lowndes County line, in one of the poorest places in the country, with five reporters and his own camera crew, he steps through the front door, greets his host, and begins with no clear mention of what he hopes to accomplish here or how it will help him become president. Pamela Rush, a 49-year-old mother of two, is showing him the problems with her home: the floor tilting visibly to one side, the sheets of plaster peeling off the wall, the broken pipes, the broken cabinetry. He stops in the room where her daughter sleeps. “Do you guys wanna…?” He motions for everyone to come closer. His videographer shuffles forward. On the bedside table, there’s a ventilation machine, the kind used for sleep apnea. A tube of ribbed plastic connects the device to a mask resting on the bedspread, which is patterned cheerily with tiny elephants. Because of mold in the house, Pamela’s daughter needs the device to breathe in her sleep. “How old is she?” the candidate asks. She’s 10. Pamela holds up the mask so he can see up close. “Show them, not me,” he says, gesturing toward the camera. She shows the camera the",politics
"Facebook said it would not weaken end-to-end encryption across its messaging apps, despite pressure from world governments, in a letter to US Attorney General Bill Barr and UK and Australian leaders. The letter, sent Monday, came in response to an October open letter from Barr, UK Home Secretary Priti Patel, Australian Minister for Home Affairs Peter Dutton, and then–acting US homeland security secretary Kevin McAleenan, which raised concerns that Facebook’s continued implementation of end-to-end encryption on its WhatsApp and Messenger apps would prevent law enforcement agencies from finding illegal activity such as child sexual exploitation, terrorism, and election meddling. The US, UK, and Australian governments asked the social networking company to design a backdoor in its encryption protocols, or a separate way for law enforcement to gain access to user content. “It is simply impossible to create such a backdoor for one purpose and not expect others to try and open it,” wrote WhatsApp head Will Cathcart and Messenger head Stan Chudnovsky in Facebook's response. “People’s private messages would be less secure and the real winners would be anyone seeking to take advantage of that weakened security. That is not something we are prepared to do.” End-to-end encryption prevents anyone — governments, security agencies, or hackers — from accessing or viewing the contents of a message between two parties and is a key feature on popular apps such as WhatsApp and Signal. Government agencies have long desired a means of accessing message content on encrypted apps, arguing that it’s in the interest of public safety despite broader privacy concerns. Facebook’s letter came as Jay Sullivan, Messenger’s director of product management for privacy and integrity, prepared to testify on Tuesday at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on “encryption and lawful access” along with an executive from Apple and New York County District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. In his opening statement, ",tech
"Three scientists have been awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work discovering how cells sense and respond to oxygen, a necessary process for all animal life. William Kaelin of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute at Harvard University, Sir Peter Ratcliffe of Oxford University, and Gregg Semenza of Johns Hopkins University were jointly awarded the prize for their discoveries identifying the molecular machinery enabling cells to respond to varying levels of oxygen. Their research has clinical applications in treating anemia, as well as potentially finding new ways to thwart the growth of tumors in cancer. ""These fundamental findings have greatly increased our understanding of how the body adapts to change, and applications of these findings are already beginning to affect the way medicine is practiced,"" Randall Johnson of Karolinska Institute, who is on the Nobel prize selection committee, said in Stockholm on Monday morning. ""This year's three laureates have greatly expanded our knowledge of how physiological response makes life possible."" Oxygen powers all animal cells, a necessary ingredient in the process of converting food into usable energy. In 1931, the Nobel Prize was awarded to Otto Warburg, for his research showing that this conversion is an enzymatic process requiring oxygen. What wasn't known was how individual cells sense and respond to fluctuations in oxygen levels. Cells are constantly experiencing changes in oxygen availability, such as when muscles work during exercise, during altitude changes, or even in a localized way when a wound interrupts the local blood supply. Low oxygen levels — also known as hypoxia — trigger a spike in the hormone erythropoietin (EPO), which leads to increased production of red blood cells. The earliest work of the three Nobel Prize winners, by Semenza of Johns Hopkins University, showed that this increase in EPO during hypoxia was due to a specific part of the EPO gene called the hypoxia-response elem",science
"Growing up, I went through a lot of clothing phases. One year I’d feel most comfortable in a pair of denim jorts, a bucket hat, and an oversized basketball tee; the next, in a hot pink velvet minidress. At 14, I worked full time over the summer at a beachside snack bar so I could blow my paychecks at the mall on Juicy Couture wallets and long-sleeved Ed Hardy T-shirts. By the following summer, I favored emo-chic selections from Hot Topic: studded belts, heavy eye makeup, and colorful extensions clipped into the mullet I’d dyed black with a kit from the drugstore. A couple years later, I graduated from high school having once again pivoted back to whimsical prep. For my first day of college, I wore a pastel purple knee-length skirt and a white ribbon in my hair. Looking back now, I can attribute my constant style-shuffling at least in part to latent queerness; I knew I was different, but I wasn’t yet quite sure how, and so I spent a lot of time searching for a self-image that made sense. Coming out in college only complicated the whole process, since I became acquainted with identities like “soft butch” and “hard femme” and “chapstick lesbian.” Where did I belong? After blundering my way through a few requisite gay rites of passage — chopping off my hair and growing it all out again, buying a bunch of menswear that just ended up languishing in my closet — I’ve reached a point in my life where I’m no longer concerned about whether or not I look “gay enough.” Getting dressed these days doesn’t feel so fraught. I’ll probably always have the occasional morning when everything I put on my body feels wrong, but for the most part, I love trying new things and having fun with the act of gender performance by jazzing up my flesh sack every day. Of course, that raises the question of where all those new clothes come from. My lust for endless reinvention may well be an important part of the queer experience, but I don’t think anyone should feel entitled to mindless or unlimited",reader
"In the world of celebrities, Sophie Turner seems like a real one. The Game of Thrones actor isn't afraid to hold back her opinions, and she's often hilarious while doing so. Her latest? Sophie is not down with influencers, specifically those who promote ""weight-loss"" products like ""detox tea"" at the expense of their followers' health. This is an issue that fellow actor Jameela Jamil of The Good Place has talked much about (and mocked, to draw attention to it), which you may be aware of. Well, like Jameela, Sophie released her own video mocking how damaging it is when influencers push mentally and potentially physically harmful products on their followers. She used a face-altering filter, greeting her Instagram followers on her story: ""Hey guys, just kind of going for my influencer look today."" ""Today I just wanted to promote this new powder stuff that you put in your tea,"" she sarcastically said. ""Basically, it makes you shit your brains out."" ""It’s totally really, really bad for me to be promoting to young women and young people everywhere, but I don't really give a fuck because I’m getting paid money for it."" She ended by ironically exclaiming, ""Influencer life!"" Somewhere Jameela Jamil is smiling.",health
"WASHINGTON — Jeff Van Drew, a New Jersey Democrat who has spoken out against impeaching President Donald Trump, will reportedly abandon the Democratic Party just days before the House of Representatives will vote to impeach the president. Van Drew is said to have met with President Donald Trump on Friday and is set to make the announcement in the coming days, according to the Washington Post. The House vote to impeach Trump is expected to take place midweek. Van Drew’s chief of staff and communication’s director did not respond to requests for comment. A spokesperson for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi did not comment. Van Drew has been vocal in his decision to split with Democrats on impeachment and in an interview this past Thursday, he told BuzzFeed News Democrats’ decision to move forward with impeachment guarantees a Trump 2020 reelection. “One of his major electoral points to win election is going to be the fact that he was impeached and was found not guilty,” he said. Van Drew said he would have preferred censuring. “Yes, because that's the way you tell somebody ‘Hey, you really screwed up here, and you're not just going to get away with it.’” The first-term lawmaker defeated his Republican challenger in 2018, giving Democrats a win in the longtime Republican district. Recent internal Democratic polling obtained by BuzzFeed News showed that 71% of his constituents said they would be less likely to support Van Drew in a Democratic primary should he vote against impeachment. Van Drew along with Rep. Collin Peterson were the only two Democrats to oppose formalizing the impeachment inquiry in October. One of Van Drew's Democratic consultants vowed on Twitter that he would ""do everything"" to beat Van Drew in November. Another Democratic source spoke to BuzzFeed News on the condition of anonymity slammed Van Drew as an ""NRA favorite"" and said his move ""has nothing to do with impeachment and everything to with a politician who hasn’t delivered for his constituents.”",politics
"Amanda van Keimpema was exhausted. The resident of Canungra, a small rural town in Queensland, Australia, had been working 16-hour days for a week straight while bushfires raged nearby in late September this year. She put her business on hold and dedicated her time to working with emergency services, the local paper, and community members to spread safety information. After danger to the area subsided, van Keimpema realised she was burnt out and began to recruit people to help her. Based on her actions, you might assume van Keimpema is a volunteer coordinator, or perhaps a member of the local council. But she is in fact an admin of ""Canungra (& surrounds) Community,"" a private Facebook group with more than 3,600 members from the vicinity. While not unique to Facebook — companies like Nextdoor have built businesses out of geographically based social networks — the social media giant’s nearly 2.5 billion global monthly active users means such groups are most likely found there. Local Facebook groups increasingly serve as a local area’s town square, classifieds section, Neighbourhood Watch, and emergency information centre all rolled into one. But, for the most part, they are run by volunteers who in 2019 are devoting huge chunks of time figuring out how to enforce rules, referee disputes, and avoid getting sued in the process. Several admins who spoke to BuzzFeed News said they spend anywhere from a couple of hours a week to more than two hours a day running the communities. The time tends to spike when a natural emergency occurs in the area, and these events are increasingly regular in Australia. “We’ve got water issues at the moment, which has caused a spike in engagement,” van Keimpema told BuzzFeed News. “There’s only 400 people in Canungra, but each time an environmental issue happens, we get lots of people trying to join the group.” Tarang Bates is the founder of ""Nimbin Hook Ups,"" a public Facebook group for the tiny NSW East Coast town known for its hippies an",tech
"The appointment of a former pharmaceutical lobbyist to the National Institute on Drug Abuse’s top advisory body has outraged recovery advocates, who see the industry as responsible for the nationwide overdose crisis that claimed more than 67,000 lives last year. The appointment of Jessica Hulsey Nickel to NIDA’s National Advisory Council on Drug Abuse was announced last Thursday. Nickel, 43, is the head of the Washington, DC–based Brimley Group lobbying firm and the nonprofit Addiction Policy Forum. “I am so deeply honored to be a member of the National Advisory Council on Drug Abuse and join such an established group of scientific experts and leaders,” Hulsey sent in a statement sent to BuzzFeed News. “Having been an advocate in this field for over 25 years, I am inspired by my fellow advisory council members who are dedicated to helping the tens of millions of families who are impacted by addiction and erasing the stigma associated with substance use disorders.” From 2014 to 2017, Nickel was a registered lobbyist for Alkermes, makers of the addiction treatment drug, Vivitrol, which has attracted controversy over misleading marketing aimed at judges and jails. Her current nonprofit, the Addiction Policy Forum, receives controversial funding from an industry group, the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA). The funding helps the group run an addiction recovery support effort and phone helpline. Now her appointment to the NIDA panel has drawn criticism from drug use recovery advocates over her ties to industry funding and her links to a 2018 lobbying campaign led by PhRMA against Minnesota’s tax on opioid drugs. “It’s disgusting. Why should the industry that created the problem have a seat on a drug abuse advisory panel,” Emily Walden of Fed Up!, a recovery advocate coalition that accepts no money from the pharmaceutical industry, told BuzzFeed News. Walden’s son died of an opioid overdose in 2012. “People’s children might be alive if it weren’",science
"When we first meet Alex Levy, the morning show host played by Jennifer Aniston, she’s attempting to wake up and begin the regime of stardom at 3:30 a.m. She starts the coffee and opens a Red Bull, then fumbles to the treadmill, the world still pitch-black around her, and attempts to walk while resting her head on the control panel. She places under-eye masks on her dark circles, scrutinizes her face, jade rolls, and scrutinizes again. She gets into the elevator and rests her head back — exhausted. As she gets in the black car that takes her to the studio, her face purses in annoyance as they drive past a giant billboard of her smiling. It’s the first hint of what The Morning Show, now streaming on Apple TV+, will spend the season unpacking: There’s the composed, cheerful, public Alex, and the deeply exhausted, deeply pissed-off person behind the mask. And all this is before the show’s executive producer, Chip (Mark Duplass), tells Alex that her cohost, Mitch (Steve Carell), has been fired for sexual misconduct. As he quietly explains that Mitch had been under investigation by HR for multiple offenses, she explodes. “You knew about this and didn’t tell me?” she yells. “What am I, some fucking PA from Idaho who doesn’t need to know what’s going on?” “Oh fuck you, Chip,” she spits at him after he attempts to explain himself. “Fuck you. ... This affects me. My on-air partner, my TV husband, is a sexual predator now? What part of you thought that I should not be involved in this conversation?” And yet she still has to “bring the news to America.” Sitting in the makeup chair, preparing her opening monologue, she notices Mitch is calling. She very calmly silences the phone, and then, with a burst of fury, bashes it into the drawer in front of her. By the time Alex walks onto the morning show stage, all that anger has been temporarily, necessarily swallowed. She delivers the news of Mitch’s firing with strength and grace, a picture of self-possession and concern. Like every",reader
"As a human being with a uterus/vagina/etc., seeing a doctor can be intimidating, scary, or sometimes downright difficult. And when it comes to birth control, there are a million and one reasons why you'd feel uncomfortable asking someone about it. And that's OK! Like, maybe you don't want to talk to your parents about anything remotely sex-related? Or maybe your current birth control is giving you problems and you want to know what's up? You may have also spent hours spiraling down a Google rabbit hole getting conflicting answers about how birth control even works?!?! Do you have a question that you've been too shy to ask? This is a safe space! Leave your question below, and it could potentially be answered by a doctor in an upcoming BuzzFeed Community post!",health
"Cory Booker has asked his fellow presidential candidates to sign a letter petitioning the Democratic National Committee to make its debate qualification rules less exclusionary. All seven participants in next week's debate, as well as Julián Castro, who also has not qualified, have signed the letter, a DNC official said on Saturday afternoon. Booker, the 50-year-old New Jersey senator who has struggled to move beyond low single digits in national and early state polls, failed to qualify for the Democratic debate next week in Los Angeles, falling short of current DNC rules requiring candidates to receive at least 4% support in four qualifying polls and have at least 200,000 unique donors. On Friday, the day he failed to qualify for the stage, Booker’s campaign began circulating a letter asking the DNC to change the rules for January and February to the less stringent thresholds the party used earlier this year, when candidates could gain access to the stage by showing support by either a certain number in polls or in grassroots donors. They began requiring candidates meet both thresholds in September. Booker has upped his criticisms of the DNC’s process over the last two weeks, particularly since Sen. Kamala Harris ended her campaign. The party, he said, is enforcing “artificial rules” that would have hurt successful past candidates like Bill Clinton and Barack Obama while allowing billionaires like Tom Steyer to get on the debate stage. Booker and Castro, who also did not qualify for this month’s debate, have argued that the party’s rules make the debate stage less diverse. The party, Booker told BuzzFeed News last week, has created a framework that is “going to have the unintended consequence of excluding people of color.” The letter, according to a copy of a draft obtained on Saturday, cites a group of 50 members of the New Hampshire Democratic Party central committee who voted unanimously last week to urge the DNC to “lift the barriers” on participation in furthe",politics
"LOS ANGELES — Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk successfully defended himself in a lawsuit brought by a British cave explorer after a California-based jury found that the billionaire had not defamed the plaintiff by calling him a “pedo guy” on Twitter. On his way out of the court, the billionaire entrepreneur, who testified earlier this week, said, “My faith in humanity is restored."" Vernon Unsworth, the 64-year-old plaintiff, who sat mostly stone-faced through the four-day trial, remained silent as the verdict was read. His legal team had suggested a judgment of $190 million in various damages but in the end could not get the jury to vote in its favor. The lawsuit stemmed from a series of four tweets that Musk sent in July 2018 that insulted Unsworth, a Brit who had been heavily involved in the rescue of a boys soccer team and their coach from a cave system in Thailand earlier that month. In those tweets, Musk called the man “sus” and a “pedo guy.” This was after Unsworth gave an interview in which he criticized the Tesla CEO's efforts to get involved in the cave rescue by building a submarine tube — which was ultimately never used and never proven to work — to extract the boys. One juror told BuzzFeed News the decision came down to the notion that a reasonable person could not read Musk's ""pedo guy"" tweet and determine that it was associated with Unsworth. “The judge laid out five points for defamation as soon as we got to point two, which was about being acquainted [with the defamed person], we decided,” said Carl Shusterman, a Los Angeles attorney who served on the jury. “The people that read Musk's tweet wouldn’t have known who he was talking about.” During the trial, Unsworth and his lawyers, led by attorney Lin Wood, argued that any reasonable person who saw Musk’s words in the news or on Twitter, where the billionaire had around 22 million followers at the time, would have interpreted the words as direct allegations of pedophilia. Musk and his lawyers, led by a",tech
"LONDON — Earlier this year, a little-known environmental group, Extinction Rebellion, brought London to a standstill. They’re now aiming to paralyze at least four other European capitals next week while holding other protests in the United States and more than 60 other countries worldwide to demand immediate, sweeping action against climate change. The group officially launched last October with a small protest outside Parliament featuring a speech from Swedish teenage activist Greta Thunberg. But Extinction Rebellion really won worldwide attention this April when eye-catching protests brought London to a crawl for almost two weeks. Activists occupied major traffic hubs around the clock, superglued their bodies to buildings and trains, and marooned a full-sized pink boat in the middle of a major business district. The Extinction Rebellion movement has been the raucous sibling to Greta Thunberg’s school climate strikes, turbocharging the politics of climate change across Europe and drawing growing numbers around the world. The April protests ended with more than 1,000 arrests, and, despite scoffs from conservatives and stern warnings from law enforcement officials, the group's strategy worked. Within weeks, the House of Commons adopted a resolution declaring a climate “emergency.” The action was symbolic — and far short of the dramatic pledge to cut carbon emissions that Extinction Rebellion has demanded — but it was a huge success just to get climate change on the agenda at a time the government was near collapse over the Brexit impasse. Small-scale protests have occurred worldwide under the Extinction Rebellion banner regularly. Next Monday marks the official start of what Extinction Rebellion is calling the “International Rebellion.” It likely won’t draw the hundreds of thousands of people who joined September’s climate strikes led by Thunberg’s Fridays for Future movement. But Extinction Rebellion works on a different model of change. Instead of getting everyone ",science
"There are two distinct reasons why Honey Boy, out this week, is both a powerful and deeply painful film to watch. The first is the story — about a young boy trying to make it as an actor while living in a motel with his emotionally and physically abusive father who struggles with sobriety. As the boy grows up and becomes famous, he is crippled by his childhood trauma, only to become destructive, angry, and lost. In one particularly gutting scene, 12-year-old Otis (Noah Jupe) is asked by his father, James (Shia LaBeouf), if he understands how it feels to be paid by his son. “You wouldn’t be here if I didn’t pay you,” Otis replies. The other story — arguably more interesting if only because we, as viewers, have an insatiable need to know every detail about a famous person’s life — is about Shia LaBeouf himself, who wrote and stars in the largely autobiographical Honey Boy. He takes on the heady task of inhabiting the role of his father as he hits the child version of himself, berates him, forgets about him, screams at him, isolates him from his other relationships, fills him with fear, and, eventually, is left with nearly nothing. “I think he’s done the bravest thing anyone could do,” director Alma Har’el told the Wrap. “He played his own father with whom he has the most complicated relationship with. … Whenever the demons came, we danced with them.” Much like the adult Otis, LaBeouf started working through his trauma — and, consequently, a script — while in court-ordered rehab. While reviews for the film itself are mixed so far, it’s clear that this is LaBeouf’s best performance. “It’s one of the most messily believable portraits of a bad dad we have ever seen for a while,” said the Guardian. Vanity Fair wrote, “This is one of the actor’s finest, roughest performances; that he is channeling his own father to his tell this story … makes it not only impressive, but disarming and moving.” Earlier this week, LaBeouf accepted a screenwriting award at the Hollywood Film Aw",reader
"My first forest fire was a mushroom cloud blooming in the rearview mirror of a pickup truck. The driver, a ranger named Joe, was unfazed. The US Forest Service named it the Two Bulls fire, the inaugural spark of the summer of 2014, burning an area of Oregon forest about half the size of Manhattan. That season, 98 fires across the Pacific Northwest incinerated the equivalent of 90 Manhattans. Joe ended up being right — Two Bulls was barely a campfire. I had felt out of my element a few days before, when I was on that thankfully unburned New York City island, graduating from college, surrounded by classmates off to their associate positions at Goldman Sachs and McKinsey. Now, sitting shotgun in a Chevy Silverado in my knockoff Carhartts, I had never felt more like an imposter. Still, there was literally no turning back, despite Joe’s assurances that what looked to me like an atomic explosion in the opposite direction was “not a big deal.” I was a backcountry trail worker for the Deschutes National Forest, reporting for training. We continued down US Route 20 through the muted landscape of ponderosa pines. We were headed to the Allingham Guard Station, a campground along the Metolius River about 40 miles outside of Bend, Oregon, where a hundred Deschutes Forest Service employees and volunteers would be trained on everything from building a rock retaining wall to felling a tree in such a way that it doesn’t flatten you. Normally, Allingham was a comic con for forestry nerds: Crosscut saw collectors would debate the merits of M tooth and Great American tooth models; SWAT — Sawyers With Attitude, a volunteer crew of septuagenarians who spend their retirement clearing downed trees — would teach new volunteers how to properly break down logs; long-distance backpackers would mill about the campfire, trading stories of hiking the Pacific Crest or Continental Divide trails. This training had a rarified air, though. It was 2014, the 50th anniversary of the 1964 Wilderness Act, ",health
"President Donald Trump’s financial records can remain under wraps while the Supreme Court hears three cases to keep them hidden from prosecutors in New York and Congress, the justices said Friday. The order gives the president a temporary win as he tries to withhold personal information from the public during his reelection campaign. Lower courts had consistently ruled against the president, but those decisions will remain on hold for now. The Supreme Court will hear arguments in the cases in its March 2020 session, the orders said. The three major lawsuits over Trump’s financial records — including his tax forms, which he declined to make public during his last presidential campaign — test the rights of sitting presidents to stonewall investigations from prosecutors and congressional lawmakers alike. In a statement, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said the courts have ""repeatedly reaffirmed the Congress’s authority to conduct oversight on behalf of the American people,"" and that, ""unfortunately, the American people will now have to wait several more months for final rulings."" The lawsuits were filed before the Trump impeachment probe began and are unrelated to his actions toward Ukraine. The first case began when New York District Attorney Cyrus Vance subpoenaed Trump’s private accounting firm, Mazars USA LLP, to obtain the president’s personal financial records. Vance’s office has indicated the investigation relates to alleged hush-money payments to women who claimed to have had affairs with the president, Stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal. Trump filed a complaint in the US District Court for the Southern District of New York in 2019 to block the subpoena. Trump claimed that sitting presidents are immune from criminal prosecution and cannot be sued in a state court. US District Court Judge Victor Marrero cited a legal doctrine known as “abstention,” saying he lacked jurisdiction in the case. But nevertheless, his ruling said Trump’s argument was too weak and “would con",politics
"A year ahead of the US presidential election, the world’s biggest social media companies are still failing to tackle manipulation on their platforms, an exercise by NATO StratCom has found. To test the ability of Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and Instagram to detect potentially malicious activity, researchers at the NATO Strategic Communication Centre of Excellence ran a four-month experiment starting in May. They purchased social media engagement on 105 different posts across the four social media platforms from manipulation service providers (MSPs), a type of company that allow clients to buy clicks and inflate their social media presence. At a cost of just 300 euros (about $333), NATO StratCom bought 3,530 comments, 25,750 likes, 20,000 views and 5,100 followers across the four platforms. Researchers were able to identify the accounts — 18,739 in total — that were being used to deliver the purchased interactions. This in turn allowed them to assess what other pages these inauthentic accounts were interacting with on behalf of other clients. The results of the experiment are startling: Four weeks after the purchase, 4 in 5 of the purchased engagements were still online, and three weeks after a sample of fake accounts was reported to the companies, 95% of the accounts were still active. The findings, which are contained in a report released today shared with a small number of media outlets including BuzzFeed News, suggest that malicious and inauthentic activity enabled by MSPs will often go unnoticed, considerably increasing the risk that attempts by ill-intentioned state and nongovernmental actors that seek to interfere in democratic processes will not be effectively detected and tackled. “Social media manipulation is the new frontier for antagonists seeking to influence elections, polarise public opinion, and side-track legitimate political discussions,” the report states. The NATO Strategic Communications Centre of Excellence is a NATO-accredited international mil",tech
"The Sunrise Movement is scaling up operations in Iowa and New Hampshire to mobilize young people demanding climate action to the polls in the early presidential primary states, organizers told BuzzFeed News. “Our top priority is to build an army of young people to elect a candidate in the caucuses who will be a champion of the Green New Deal,” Kaleb Van Fosson, a Sunrise organizer based in Iowa, told BuzzFeed News. Van Fossen is one of eight people working full time, along with 45 volunteers, on the Iowa campaign. Since early September, 1,425 people in Iowa have signed cards pledging to vote for candidates backing a Green New Deal, a 10-year plan to transition the US off fossil fuels in order to cut the nation’s climate pollution, create jobs, and tackle economic inequality. About 150 people have also registered to vote through the campaign, according to Sunrise. The group's end goal is to get 15,000 students to pledge to caucus, and to register 1,200 students to vote before the Feb. 3 caucus. In New Hampshire, the climate group has joined forces with the New Hampshire Youth Movement, which is dedicated to pushing the Green New Deal, Medicare for All, and free college. It has 13 full-time staffers and 122 volunteers combined. Unlike in Iowa, a third party cannot register people to vote in the state. So the campaign has instead gathered 2,789 pledges to vote. Its target is to get 14,000 people to pledge to vote before the Feb. 11 primary. Organizers are canvassing, setting up tables, and visiting classes at high schools and colleges across both states. In Iowa, for example, the campaign has already toured Iowa State University, the University of Iowa, Grinnell College, Drake University, Des Moines Area Community College, and Simpson College. And it is planning to visit the University of Northern Iowa, Loras College, and more. “I think this is the number one issue young people care about,” Van Fosson said about climate change. “For many of them, this is their first el",science
"It is not unusual for dramatic license to be taken when a writer or director is creating a narrative based on actual events. However, with Harriet, the recently released biopic of the iconic historical figure Harriet Tubman starring Broadway star Cynthia Erivo and directed by Kasi Lemmons, such creative license has come under scrutiny. The inclusion of a fictional black bounty hunter named Bigger Long (Omar Dorsey), as well his death at the hands of Harriet’s “master,” Gideon Brodess (Joe Alwyn), has upset a faction of Twitter users who believe these creative liberties were in poor taste. They have called for people to refrain from seeing the film, using hashtags like #NotMyHarriet — which, at first, stemmed from a controversy surrounding Erivo’s casting in the title role of a black American hero (the actor is British, born to Nigerian parents). Now the hashtag has become a vessel for the brewing conversation around the film’s supposed white savior narrative. Calls for the movie to be boycotted because of that purported trope highlight some thorny topics, like the purpose of biographical art — and its responsibility to the truth — and whether someone can critique art without having first seen the project they are assessing. Lemmons, who previously directed 1997’s Southern gothic classic Eve's Bayou and is herself a black woman, spoke with BuzzFeed News at length about the controversy in a phone interview on Tuesday afternoon. She called the film’s white savior criticism “completely ridiculous.” The chorus of voices dissatisfied with the first feature-length telling of Tubman’s story is representative of a very real issue: Black stories are often warped in order to appear more palatable or sympathetic to white viewers. Hidden Figures (2016) — a movie that should’ve been interesting enough based on the fact that it’s about a real-life team of black women who contributed significantly to NASA during the space race — featured a fictional white man, Al Harrison, played b",reader
,health
"LONDON — The votes were still being counted at polling stations across the UK when Joe Biden warned Democrats about the implications of Boris Johnson’s unexpectedly emphatic election victory. It wasn’t so much about the UK prime minister winning an election that makes Brexit all but inevitable — the Conservative Party now has a majority of 80, the largest since the time of Margaret Thatcher — but the way in which Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour Party lost it. “Look what happens when the Labour Party moves so, so far to the left,"" former vice president Biden said at a fundraiser in California. ""It comes up with ideas that are not able to be contained within a rational basis quickly."" There have been four UK elections this decade, and Labour has lost them all — but this is its worst election result since 1935, as blue-collar voters in Northern England deserted the party. Lost seats included Sedgefield, which has voted for Labour since World War II, and was held between 1983 and 2007 by former prime minister Tony Blair. (Blair is the only person to lead Labour to victory in a general election in the last 43 years.) Corbyn, whose leadership has been inundated with accusations of failing to tackle anti-Semitism within the party, has said he will not lead Labour into another election, but the party realistically faces another 10 years, or two election cycles, in the wilderness of opposition, regardless of who succeeds him. He has taken Labour markedly to the left since he became leader in 2015, and the party’s election manifesto was proudly radical, promising to transform the UK with a green revolution, renationalize rail and energy services, and provide free university education and broadband. The parallels with the Democratic presidential primaries are readily apparent, but trying to understand what made rock-solid Labour seats like Bassetlaw and North West Durham go from Labour red to Tory blue, and then extrapolating what that means for the US, is trickier. Even in light of a ",politics
"Facebook is suing a Hong Kong–based company and two Chinese citizens it says used malware to compromise user accounts in order to run millions of dollars of deceptive Facebook ads that often featured celebrities. The company filed the federal lawsuit Thursday in California against ILikeAd Media International Company, Chen Xiao Cong, and Huang Tao. Facebook alleges that Cong, of Wuhan, Hubei province, China, developed the malware, while Tao, who is based in Guangzhou, Guangdong province, China, was responsible for the “distribution and installation of the malicious extension.” Rob Leathern, Facebook’s director of product management for business integrity, told BuzzFeed News the lawsuit is a way to “create consequences for these folks outside of shutting down their ad accounts and preventing them from using the platform.” “This [scheme] has affected folks in multiple countries and is something we began investigating in late 2018,” he said. The suit follows similar Facebook legal action this year related to ads and malware. In August, it sued two Chinese app makers that allegedly committed ad fraud by programming bots to click on ads on Facebook. And in March it sued two Ukrainians who allegedly used malware to steal user data. Facebook’s court filing alleges the defendants tricked users into installing their malware by bundling it with other programs. Once installed, the malware compromised a user’s Facebook account. The defendants allegedly used the accounts to run ads that often misused the images of celebrities to sell “counterfeit goods and diet pills.” Facebook’s filing alleges the malware was programmed to detect whether a compromised account was set up to run ads and would then place ads that were “billed to the victim’s ad account.” A blog post about the suit from Leathern and Jessica Romero, Facebook’s director of platform enforcement and litigation, said the company has “refunded victims whose accounts were used to run unauthorized ads and helped them to sec",tech
"As BuzzFeed News and others have investigated Jeffrey Epstein’s connections to leaders in science and technology in the wake of his July arrest on sex trafficking charges, one name has stood out as Epstein’s intellectual enabler: John Brockman, the New York literary agent who ran Edge, billed as an elite salon of thinkers “redefining who and what we are.”Yet Brockman’s connections to Epstein ran deeper than have been previously disclosed. In fact, according to a BuzzFeed News review of Edge’s IRS filings, the nonprofit’s full range of exclusive events would not have been possible without Epstein’s largesse. Indeed, after Epstein made his final recorded donation to Edge in 2015, the group stopped hosting the annual “billionaires’ dinner” that was once the highlight of its calendar. Epstein, who killed himself in federal custody in August, wasn’t merely associated with Edge. He was by far its largest financial donor, and his association with Edge gave him access to leading scientists and figures in the tech industry. While he was bankrolling Edge, Epstein attended its events. So, too, in the early 2000s did Sarah Kellen, who is alleged to have helped arrange Epstein’s sexual abuse of underage girls. In photos that have been recently removed from the Edge website, Kellen was pictured at the 2002 billionaires’ dinner with Brockman, and at a 2003 event with Brockman’s son, Max. Brockman did not respond to requests for comment from BuzzFeed News. Brockman emerged from the New York art scene of the 1960s, promoting underground cinema and rubbing shoulders with heavyweights like Andy Warhol. Later, he became the leading agent for authors writing books on science and technology, with a reputation for negotiating big advances for his clients. But Brockman’s particular cachet came from his role, played through his nonprofit, Edge, as a self-styled “cultural impresario.” Until 2018, Brockman asked an annual question of Edge contributors, a group comprising authors he represente",science
"Faced with an extreme case of writer’s block and the wide, wonderful world of dating apps, a graduate student named Richard wrestles with a crucial question for the millennial generation: When your twenties are supposed to be one predictable upward trajectory toward nice restaurants, cushy apartments, and pairing off via algorithm, what happens when you swerve and get off-track? And what place does love — in all of its imperfect, incalculable glory — actually have in all of that? Gregor’s debut novel is less of a romp through the modern New York gay scene than it is a biting documentation of the realities of today’s dating culture. Readers will groan along with the near-Sisyphean amounts of swiping it takes for Richard to finally meet Blake, a hot lawyer who might finally offer him that all-elusive “security of an exclusive personal alliance.” But things get fascinatingly complicated as Richard also becomes further entangled with Anne, a disarmingly earnest fellow student who’s game to trade academic help for companionship. When we look back on the canon of modern dating-while-living-in-New-York escapades, Going Dutch will stand out as a vivid portrait of a life and time that — for many — feels almost too familiar. It’s bleak out there. But at least the brunch is good. Get your copy now. —Delia Cai (@delia_cai) Ann Patchett’s newest novel is not a fairy tale in the traditional sense, but it does have the stuff fairy tales are made of — a mansion, precocious siblings, a rags-to-riches story, and a wicked stepmother. Patchett blurs the genre with her classic brand of family saga — one full of richly developed characters and deeply felt observations on the connections between siblings and parents and spouses. This story in particular is one about siblings. Danny Conroy, our narrator, and his sister Maeve grow up in the ornately decorated and elaborately designed Dutch House, a property outside of Philadelphia purchased by their real estate mogul father. But in the wake",reader
"—lampshadez —maurab49891060e —lalalandfan —bronwyncornish —zaaaaaaaaaabby —superfangers —kaylag4040172de —caytybrady —alexandriag476a14e60 —stefaniec467897cac ""The flight attendants attempted to clean it up the best that they could, but the passengers sitting in that row still had to sit with throw up all over their legs and shoes and on the floor in front of them for the duration of the flight. Luckily, I was sitting a few rows back but I witnessed the whole thing. To make matters worse, the flight attendants laid down a blanket over the vomit to cover it up."" —kelseyroses473320834 —chelsear47279bfe3 —kissmecait —g44f422578 —emmadavis Some submissions have been edited for length and/or clarity. We recently asked members of the BuzzFeed Community to tell us the most unfortunate things they've seen people do on airplanes. I think you already know this post is headed in a bizarre direction... ""I was sitting next to a kid whose mother was across the aisle with her other children. As the plane was taking off, her son told her had to pee really bad. She told him he had to wait because the plane was about to take off and he had to stay seated. The kid started shaking, sweating, and he was on the verge of crying. He told his mom that he couldn't wait, so she handed him a folded up towel she had in her backpack and told him to sit on it and pee. He did. Right next to me."" ""I was behind a man who had his S.O. lay across the seats with her feet on his lap. He began kissing and licking her feet and moaning. I flagged down a flight attendant who was equally horrified. She asked them to stop, and they did for a while, but eventually continued, making sexually suggestive noises."" ""When I was 10 years old, I fell asleep on a flight and suddenly felt someone stroking my head. I looked up and the woman next to me was reading her newspaper while petting me like a dog. After that, I switched seats with my mom."" ""The man next to me constantly had his hand behind the back of his neck an",health
"Infowars, the right-wing conspiracy theory site founded by Alex Jones, does not regret publishing false claims that the 2012 Sandy Hook elementary school shooting was a hoax, according to a new deposition with news director Rob Dew exclusively obtained by BuzzFeed News. “I think our reporting stopped what was going to be a lot of anti-gun legislation that was coming down,” Dew said, adding, “I am proud of that.” The nearly two-hour deposition with Dew provided a glimpse into the inner workings of the shadowy media operation, detailing how its founder and employees created news stories and sold them as the “real” truth to millions of viewers. It comes amid the ongoing and catastrophic fall of Jones, who has been largely banned from Apple, Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube. In the past year, Jones has lost a number of appeals in defamation cases brought by the families of Sandy Hook victims and has been ordered to pay thousands in fines for not taking the suits seriously and destroying evidence. Meanwhile, two of his former employees have accused him of discrimination and harassment. (Jones has denied the claims.) Earlier this month, an ex-producer wrote a damning account in the New York Times describing how Jones fed his audience’s “prejudices and fears.” In the newly released deposition, Dew — acting as the representative of Infowars’ parent company, Free Speech Systems — repeatedly said he did not know, did not remember, or was not prepared to answer almost every question about how he, Jones, and other employees found and verified their information about the Sandy Hook shooting before claiming it as fact and blasting it across their sprawling network of platforms. Dew claimed he did not remember how he and Jones obtained evidence used to support narratives in videos like “Sandy Hook was a DHS Illusion” and “Sandy Hook Vampires Exposed,” and said he was proud of Infowars’ coverage and never meant to “hurt families.” Dew also argued that the site's Sandy Hook coverage h",politics
"On Wednesday, Kashmiris began disappearing from WhatsApp — and no one initially knew why. Citizens of the disputed geographical territory, whose autonomy the Indian government revoked in August, abruptly and inexplicably began departing WhatsApp groups in which they had long participated, leaving behind only a “[Phone number] left” message. It's been four months since India’s government shut down Kashmir’s internet services, cutting off the region from the rest of the world. Because of this, some observers suspected that the Kashmiris who disappeared from their WhatsApp groups this week did not do so on their own and may not even know anything has changed. In a comment provided after this story's publication, a spokesperson for Facebook, which owns WhatsApp, said the disappearances were the result of the messaging app's policy on inactive accounts. ""To maintain security and limit data retention, WhatsApp accounts generally expire after 120 days of inactivity,"" they wrote. ""When that happens, those accounts automatically exit their WhatsApp groups. People will need to be re-added to groups upon regaining access to the Internet and joining WhatsApp again."" The spokesperson did not respond to questions from BuzzFeed News about how many Kashmiris were affected. Those whose profiles have expired will have to re-register on WhatsApp and recreate their profiles on the platform. WhatsApp is used by some 400 million Indians, making the country the app's largest market in the world. WhatsApp groups dominate online conversations in India, and most Indians with access to a smartphone participate in at least a few. So when Kashmiri people began disappearing en masse from groups, a lot of people noticed. “I initially thought that internet services had been restored in Kashmir and maybe these people were just removing themselves from WhatsApp groups on their own,” Mudasir Firdosi, a London-based Kashmiri doctor who is in half a dozen WhatsApp groups with friends and family in Kash",tech
"Facing an explosion of vaping-related illnesses — linked to 805 cases and 12 deaths as of Thursday — state officials from coast to coast are banning e-cigarette sales and telling people to stop vaping. “We are seeing something that we have not seen before,” Charity Dean, acting public health officer of California, said this week in a statewide warning to refrain from vaping altogether. But critics fear these actions are overreaching. They worry that authorities are failing to distinguish between nicotine e-cigarettes like Juul and vaping devices containing THC, the ingredient responsible for the high from cannabis. That difference matters, they say, because even though some studies have questioned the safety of vaping nicotine, it’s the latter that has been linked to most of the recent illnesses and deaths. “There’s a risk in conflating these twin tragedies,” former FDA chief Scott Gottlieb warned in one of several tweets Wednesday. “They each require a very careful and deliberate approach if we’re going to stem these two crises.” And yanking nicotine e-cigarettes off the market could have health consequences of its own. Ex-smokers who used them to quit may return to tobacco, which smoking experts fear would threaten a decade of progress in reducing smoking rates. Kids now addicted to nicotine because of vaping might turn to cigarettes. Cigarettes are linked to more than 480,000 US deaths yearly; by some estimates, 6.6 million premature deaths could be avoided over the next decade if smokers converted to e-cigarettes. While denouncing e-cigarettes as dangerous, Ned Sharpless, the acting FDA commissioner, also expressed worries about the unintended effects of a wholesale vaping ban. “We are also quite concerned about people going back to [tobacco] cigarettes,” he told Congress on Wednesday. Others think that kids will continue to find ways to vape, even after a ban drives more products to the black market. “I just don’t think kids are going to stop vaping,” said Mich",science
"Real film stars know the power of stillness. Often, nothing rewards the eye of the camera — and of the viewer — more than a composed and quiet body whose calm is only an illusion, masking an abyss of emotion, desire, and experience of whatever life the actor has been tasked with stepping into. Antonio Banderas’s performance in Pain and Glory, a new film by the actor’s lifelong collaborator Pedro Almodóvar, begins with deceptive stillness: Salvador Mallo, a director whose veteran status is announced by the gray in his hair and the slight, middle-aged paunch rounding out his middle, floats at the bottom of a swimming pool in a sitting position, his arms held out and eyes sealed shut. It’s a disconcerting sight, a kind of forced tranquility whose strain is brought to our attention by the magnetic intensity that Banderas, four decades into his career, still emanates. Pain and Glory (released in March in Spain, and October in the US) is a lovingly detailed cinematic memory piece in which Banderas plays a de facto version of Almodóvar, the legendary director who plucked the young actor from the countercultural theater scene that flourished in post-Franco Madrid. Almodóvar gave him a small part as a horny, baby-faced gay terrorist in 1982’s screwball sex comedy Labyrinth of Passion, a film that marked the beginning of one of the most prominent and productive actor-director collaborations. But aside from the spiky crown of salt-and-pepper hair that adorns his head and the trademark turtleneck he occasionally sports, the actor isn’t doing a mere imitation of his friend. Banderas doesn’t become Almodóvar, but instead captures his inner turmoil. Salvador has been numbed by a series of maladies and an all-consuming despair. As he resigns himself to a life walled off from the outside world in his glamorous fortress of an apartment — a life of physical deterioration, drug dependence, uneaten meals, departed parents, estranged lovers, spurned colleagues and concerned helpmates, de",reader
"1. Worn the same bra for several days or even weeks in a row. 2. And worn the same pajamas for several days or longer. 3. Smelled clothes you’ve already worn to see if they’re “too” stinky to wear or not. 4. Dug “dirty” clothes or a bra out of a hamper because you really wanted to wear them. 5. Not washed your hair for a few days in a row. 6. Scratched your head and inspected the skin under your nails afterwards... 7. ...and then smelled it. 8. Used hairspray or dry shampoo to cover up the “smell” of unwashed hair. 9. Eaten food out of your bra that fell in there by accident. 10. Scraped your teeth with your fingernails just out of curiosity… 11. ...and inspected the plaque under your nails. 12. Scraped dirt out from your nails, particularly when they’re LONG. 13. Scraped dirt out from under your toenail, particularly the big one. 14. Picked at chipping nail polish. 15. Picked the dead skin off of your lips. 16. Gotten deep satisfaction out of squeezing oil and dirt out of your pores. 17. Squeezed the gunk out of your pores so hard that you left red marks on your skin. 18. Inspected pore strips for a VERY long time, admiring all the oil and dirt you got out. (Because it looked like a lil' forest!)  19. Left makeup on overnight because you couldn’t be bothered to wash it off before bed. 20. Worn underwear that has a hole (or two or three) it it. 21. Worn underwear that has old stains on it...particularly period ones. 22. Kept underwear until it’s so worn out that the elastic is totally loose and frayed. 23. Waited to do laundry until you ran out of underwear. 24. Picked a particularly deep wedgie out of your butt. 25. Dug out a sliver of thong material from your butt crack because it was so dang uncomfortable. 26. Peed in the shower for convenience. 27. Not showered for one, two, or more days. 28. Actually looked forward to plucking in-grown pubic hairs. 29. Plucked pubic hairs that weren’t even in-grown because you just wanted to. 30. Admired a DOUBLE hair growing o",health
"Every Wednesday night, right around 7 p.m., thousands of Bible studies are starting in churches across the country. The lighting is generally bad, the coffee weak, and the furniture aging. Everyone’s tired from the workday, and not necessarily ready for a close study of Paul’s Letter to the Galatians. But the midweek Bible study is a standard of contemporary American Christianity, a spiritual and community check-in. On Wednesday night at Jubilee Baptist Church in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, a group sits around the same sort of rickety conference table you’d find in churches all over the town, the state, the country. In the cabinets behind them, there are old Baptist tracts and stacks of New Testaments with covers declaring GOOD NEWS AMERICA, GOD LOVES YOU. But no one’s reading Galatians tonight. They’re reading Karl Marx. “Let’s go around and introduce ourselves,” says Joe Stapleton, the high school English teacher leading the class. “Names, pronouns, how you’re feeling.” Everyone opens their handouts — a section of Marx’s Capital, with handy summaries and annotations. They work slowly through the idea of use value versus exchange value and commodity fetishism. It’s most people’s first time with the material, and it’s admittedly a slog. At one point, after a particularly theoretical passage, someone exclaimed, “What the hell did I just read?” But Stapleton is a clear and patient teacher. On “deskilling,” he explains: “It makes it so that any worker can be plugged into any job, so that if you want to unionize, they can say, ‘Oh, fuck off.’” On the way we talk about “the economy,” as if it were a natural force, he elaborates: “People make it sound like it’s some monster living in the woods that you have to make sacrifices to, but the economy is just us. How am I doing? That’s how the economy is really doing.” When he says that the way capital works in our lives is outside our individual control, but not our collective control, there’s a soft shout from across the roo",politics
"A woman who alleges she was sex-trafficked as a result of an email sent via Mailchimp, an email marketing platform, is suing the company. The lawsuit, filed last week in Georgia, will challenge the relative immunity of tech platforms from legal responsibility — and damages — for what users post on their services. Texas lawyer Annie McAdams brought the suit, claiming Mailchimp — after US law enforcement shut down Backpage for facilitating sex trafficking — worked with copycat site YesBackpage.com. “Here we have a sex trafficker who was looking: ‘Where do I go after Backpage? How am I going to sell this particular Jane Doe for sex?’” McAdams told BuzzFeed News. “Well, all of a sudden Mailchimp delivers the solution to his mailbox.” An email promoting YesBackpage, sent via Mailchimp, landed in the inbox of a trafficker who had withheld a Wisconsin woman's identity documents and physically forced her into sexual exploitation, McAdams said. The trafficker listed the Wisconsin woman on YesBackpage and made her provide sexual services. YesBackpage did not respond to a request for comment. A Mailchimp spokesperson told BuzzFeed News that YesBackpage was no longer a client and declined to discuss the specifics of the suit. “While we can’t say much about the allegations in the complaint because this is a sensitive legal matter,” the spokesperson said, “we can tell you we absolutely don’t allow content related to illegal activity on our platform, as stated in our Standard Terms of Use and Acceptable Use Policy. We take action immediately when we become aware of potential abuse of our platform.” Since 1996, tech companies have been protected by Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, which prevents the publishers of an “interactive computer service” from being held liable for content posted on their services. In 2018, however, President Donald Trump signed FOSTA-SESTA into law, removing Section 230’s protections when it comes to facilitating sex trafficking. McAdams is t",tech
"No matter what kind of doctor you are, we know you'll make a great one!",science
"Linda Hamilton wasn’t exactly dying to reprise the role of Sarah Connor in 2019. The 63-year-old actor, who found worldwide fame opposite Arnold Schwarzenegger in James Cameron’s Terminator franchise, had spent more than three decades trying to outrun associations with Sarah, a spunky twentysomething turned half-crazed supersoldier who thought she bore the weight of humanity’s future on her (extraordinarily muscled) shoulders. She recently told the New York Times that her plan all along had been Shakespeare, not action blockbusters. Terminator changed that. After the initial smash success of The Terminator, in 1984, Hamilton wasn’t quite convinced she’d like to make a second movie, let alone a third — Terminator: Dark Fate, which premiered this past weekend — almost 35 years later. (Dark Fate is technically the sixth movie in the franchise; Terminators 3–5 were made without either Cameron or Hamilton’s involvement.) In the late ’80s, Hamilton had depression and occasionally dreamed of the murderous cyborg who’d been sent from the future to kill to her character, Sarah. When Cameron first reached out to her about a sequel, Hamilton said she’d only commit to the project if she could “go crazy” this time around. As Cameron told the Times, “I wrote to the hilt based on her directive.” The resulting film, Terminator 2: Judgment Day (or T2), grossed $200 million in 1991, making it the biggest movie of the year. Sarah Connor was no longer a wide-eyed damsel in distress dressed head to toe in pastels; thanks to chin-ups in her cell at the hospital where she was institutionalized, she’d transformed her entire body into a weapon. Hamilton — in a black tank top, fatigues, and steampunk sunglasses, wielding assault rifles and smoking cigarettes in whichever ways would best emphasize her formidable biceps — remains such an indelible pop cultural image because of its specificity and relative rarity: a woman hero for whom physical strength isn’t signified by smooth, subtle toning,",reader
"It started with a head injury when I was 22 or 23. I had a CT for a concussion, and while it was minimal, they saw a tumor about the size of half a pinkie nail. The doctor told me it was no big deal and that ""women had these tumors all the time."" He never sent records to anyone and I never really thought of it again. Flash-forward 10 years and I'm being wheeled into surgery because of a tennis ball–sized tumor. All went well but to add insult to injury I woke up multiple times after surgery and told the overnight neuro MD that I had a blood clot. He laughed it off. I let him know I am an ICU RN and I have a history with a clotting disorder. He kept telling me I was wrong and I'd feel better with more medication and rest. I demanded dopplers.  I had two clots in my right leg. One that my platelets attacked and it ended up completely occluding my vessel from the groin to my knee. They had to immediately send me back to surgery to have it removed. I almost lost my leg and also had blood clots in my lungs. I almost died. I made that doctor come into my room and apologize. I also made the initial ER MD have a sit down with me to remind him tumors grow; don't tell a young woman it's not something worth following up on.  —mviv23 When I was 19, I kept waking up in the middle of the night because I couldn't breathe. I felt like I had a elephant on my chest. I went to the ER and was told I was having a panic attack, given a shot to relax me, and sent home. After about the ninth trip in six months, the doctor on duty at the ER refused to treat me and said I needed to be seen by my primary care physician who could then refer me to a therapist. I went to my PCP and he started pushing around on my stomach thinking it could be appendicitis. But then he touched where my gallbladder was and I immediately vomited. He sent me by ambulance back to the ER to have a ultrasound, which resulted in being admitted and scheduled for emergency surgery. My gallbladder had burst, it had infected",health
"This is an excerpt from The Stakes 2020, BuzzFeed News' newsletter about what really matters in the 2020 campaign. You can sign up here. I texted this week with Deval Patrick, the successful and well-regarded former governor of Massachusetts who left office in 2015. He ran on elements of Barack Obama’s message (and even the same language)…before Obama did. And I think he might well have had the 2016 nomination had he run then. But he’s getting in awful late now, and I began by asking him about that. ",politics
"Larry Page and Sergey Brin, who cofounded Google in 1998, are stepping down from their day-to-day roles at Google's parent company, Alphabet, and handing leadership responsibility to Sundar Pichai, who will serve as CEO of both Google and Alphabet moving forward. Previously, Page served as CEO of Alphabet and Brin served as president. Both Page and Brin will continue as members of Alphabet’s board of directors, according to a letter published by the two cofounders today. They will also retain a majority of voting power over company decisions. ""While it has been a tremendous privilege to be deeply involved in the day-to-day management of the company for so long, we believe it’s time to assume the role of proud parents—offering advice and love, but not daily nagging,"" Page and Brin wrote. Pichai reassured employees in a companywide email on Tuesday: “I will continue to be very focused on Google and the deep work we’re doing to push the boundaries of computing and build a more helpful Google for everyone.” Following the news, Google shares rose in after-hours trading. Over the past few years, Page and Brin have been increasingly less visible at Alphabet and Google. Earlier this year, the pair scaled back their appearances at the company's weekly ""TGIF"" town hall meetings amid a parade of scandals and employee unrest over harassment, military contracts, censorship, and unfair labor practices. Executives have since cancelled those weekly meetings as relationships with part of its workforce have continued to deteriorate. Since joining Google in 2004, Pichai has overseen the development of Google's most consequential software products, including Chrome, Drive, Gmail, and Maps. In 2013, Pichai took over Android, Google's mobile operating system, from Andy Rubin during a pivotal shift in computing from desktop to phones. Earlier this year, Pichai announced that Android is the most-used operating system, with 2.5 billion active devices worldwide.Rubin, who created Android, wa",tech
"On the morning of August 25, 11-year-old Lilly Platt tweeted a video clip of a Brazilian Amazon tribe speaking out against deforestation. Awareness of the Amazon wildfires was already at a fever pitch, and the tweet exploded. Then, within an hour, a swarm of troll accounts started flooding her mentions with porn. Shortly after the attack, her mom, Eleanor Platt, made an online plea for help: “Dear Friends of Lilly, this is Lillys mum she is being targeted by revolting trolls who are spamming her feed with pornography. There is only so much i can do to block this. Please if you see these posts report them.” Over the course of the day, some of Lilly’s nearly 10,000 followers did just that. Young girls like Lilly, who has been striking in her hometown of Utrecht, Netherlands, every Friday for the last year, are overwhelmingly leading a growing global movement to draw attention to the climate crisis. They spurred an estimated 4 million people across seven continents to walk out of work and school on September 20 — and they are getting attacked for it. They have faced a barrage of daily insults, seemingly coordinated attacks (like the one that targeted Lilly), creepy DMs, doxing, hacked accounts, and death threats. This is the new normal for young climate leaders online, according to BuzzFeed News interviews with nearly a dozen of the kids and their parents. Personal attacks have always been a part of the climate denial playbook, even as fossil fuel companies secretly funded campaigns and researchers to question the scientific consensus on climate change. The most famous incident, 2009’s Climategate, involved scientists getting their emails hacked and then facing death threats. And as the politics of climate change begins to mirror the broader dark trends of global politics, weaponized social media — in the form of intimidation, memes, and disinformation — has emerged as the dominant vehicle for climate denial. But the rise of a new climate movement means there’s now a m",science
"Carmen Maria Machado is not a licensed therapist or a life coach or a mental health professional of any sort. She is many other things: she’s the writer in residence at the University of Pennsylvania, she’s recently made her debut as a comic book writer for DC Comics, she’s a 2019 Guggenheim fellow, and she’s the bestselling author of the short story collection Her Body and Other Parties, which was a National Book Award for Fiction finalist and is being adapted into a television series. She is known as a genre annihilator who makes the mere act of trying to distinguish between horror and sci-fi/fantasy and literary writing feel petty and irrelevant. It’s important to have a disclaimer right up front because with her new memoir, In the Dream House, Machado creates a portrait of an abusive relationship that is precise and stylized, but also raw and messy and scary. In describing her year with an unnamed woman who first thrilled and later baffled her, Machado creates an oft-ignored space in the discourse around queer domestic violence. It’s bound to be provocative. But her brutally honest depiction is also bound to hit home, especially for readers who may very well be familiar with the experiences Machado depicts. Even the content of the dedication page gives readers permission to use as needed: “If you need this book, it is for you.” “I wrote this book because I was looking for something that didn’t exist,” Machado tells me over lunch and rosé at a Philadelphia wine bar in an interview over the summer. “When that happens and you write towards something that’s untapped or doesn’t have art dedicated to it, it creates this new way for people to respond.” Anticipating reader reactions, Machado feels both excited and scared. “I feel like my first book — which was fiction! — loosened something up in people,” she says. “I talked to lots of readers who had a lot to say that they had never felt comfortable saying before. I was grateful but it was also exhausting, and with this",reader
"Ehlers-Danlos syndromes, also known as EDS, are a group of connective tissue disorders that can cause joint hypermobility that can lead to frequent dislocations, fragile skin that bruises easily, and other symptoms that may affect skin, bones, blood vessels, and even organs and tissues. There are many types of EDS, some of which can have neurological symptoms. Yesterday, Sia revealed that she suffers from Ehlers-Danlos syndrome. In a tweet Friday, the singer-songwriter shared, ""Hey, I'm suffering with chronic pain, a neurological disease, ehlers danlos."" ""And I just wanted to say to those of you suffering from pain, whether physical or emotional, I love you, keep going."" ""Life is fucking hard. Pain is demoralizing, and you're not alone,"" she wrote. After the 43-year-old's announcement, many fans began sharing words of love and support. Others were even inspired to open up about their own experiences with EDS or similar diseases, finding comfort in the solidarity. Thanks for being so open and honest, Sia. Hang in there! ❤️",health
"The impeachment inquiry against President Donald Trump has brought a parade of once-faceless bureaucrats before the nation. You have your Davids and your Bills, your Maries and Jennifers. Appearing before the House Intelligence Committee, most wore a somber uniform of navy blue and gray, to the point that a bow tie briefly became the visual star of the day. The night that the public impeachment hearings opened last month, two people more in line with the president, in thinking and in style, appeared on Fox News. Victoria Toensing and Joe diGenova, two lawyers who informally advise Trump and helped Rudy Giuliani as he sought dirt on the president’s political rivals, sat side by side, as they have countless times, to defend the president and attack his enemies. They have a routine down when they appear on TV — she sits on the left, he on the right, and they are so in sync after doing this for so many years that they even take turns blinking. Turn the sound off, and it’s not unlike watching owls. DiGenova, 74, and Toensing, 78, look younger than their years. He wears a dark turtleneck under a tweed blazer. Toensing wears a gold-accented throw over a black shirt, all of it working to highlight her deep red hair, parted to the side and hovering over bangs. They both sit back like they’re very comfortable, like they just want to invite you over to listen to some smooth jazz. That night on Fox, Lou Dobbs opened his show by noting that the public impeachment hearings had begun, or as he called it, “the Adam Schiff phony-baloney, rollicking, frolicking, sanctimony and pomposity medicine show.” Toensing and diGenova were there to praise the Republican members of the committee (“terrific,” said Toensing) and to repeat the day’s talking point — that the opening hearing was a boring bust (“an embarrassment for the Democrats,” said diGenova). Toensing and diGenova have been a fixture on TV for decades, and on Fox for years, because they deliver on a promise of impassioned comment",politics
"Amazon delivery station employees in Sacramento are demanding fair treatment and benefits equal to those of other Amazon workers. By Sunday, more than 200 workers had signed a petition requesting an explanation for why they receive fewer paid days off per year than typical Amazon warehouse workers. These workers, who sort and prepare packages for final-mile delivery in a station called DSM1, said they were told by Amazon managers that they get less paid time off (PTO) because they are classified by the company as Class Q workers. The Sacramento employees said they were previously unaware of any such classification. “Despite acknowledging that PTO is critical to our personal well-being, Amazon classifies DSM1 workers as ‘class q’ and ‘class m’ so they can deny us PTO even though we work the same hours as regular employees,” their petition reads. “By denying DSM1 workers PTO, Amazon is declaring that they are not concerned with our personal well-being.” In response, Amazon told BuzzFeed News that it “maintains an open-door policy that encourages employees to bring their comments, questions, and concerns directly to their management team for discussion and resolution, and we’re glad to have open communication with employees in Sacramento.” “Amazon is proud to offer great wages paying $15 per hour or more,” a company spokesperson said in an email statement. “Benefits vary based on a variety of factors but if someone wanted to move to a role that offered regular, full-time benefits we expect to have more than a thousand of those roles in Sacramento throughout the year.” The organizing efforts by Amazon workers in Sacramento first became public in October, when the Verge reported that a worker had been fired for exceeding the limit on her allotted time off after her mother-in-law died following a hospital stay. The worker, identified as Sandra, has since been reinstated, but employees continue to be frustrated by what they see as an insufficient allotment of even unpaid t",tech
"Gopal Balakrishnan, a tenured professor in the humanities division at UC Santa Cruz, has been fired after a months-long investigation into complaints of misconduct, the university confirmed to BuzzFeed News. The decision arrived after mounting pressure from students on campus. Last year, a UC Santa Cruz investigation found that Balakrishnan broke the school’s sexual harassment policy when he had oral sex with an undergraduate student without her consent when she was drunk, in 2013. The former student, Anneliese Harlander, filed a complaint with the school last spring, triggering a formal investigation into Balakrishnan’s conduct. At least three other complaints against Balakrishnan had also been filed with the university’s Title IX office, which handles issues of gender equity under a federal law meant to prevent sex discrimination. “The misconduct, confirmed through our investigation and adjudication process, harmed the complainants, and that trauma rippled through our campus and university system,” said UC Santa Cruz spokesperson Scott Hernandez-Jason, in an email to BuzzFeed News. ""This is the only instance the Regents have dismissed a UCSC tenured faculty member in the last 20 years,"" said University of California Office of the President spokesperson Andrew Gordon, in an email to BuzzFeed News. Balakrishnan was a tenured Marxist historian at UC Santa Cruz. He had been on paid leave since fall 2017 and was suspended without pay on Aug. 15 this year, according to a letter sent by UC Santa Cruz Chancellor Cynthia Larive to Harlander, and confirmed by Hernandez-Jason. Balakrishnan’s case prompted growing campus demonstrations after it was made public in a BuzzFeed News report last year. Previously, rumors about his behavior toward students had sparked a Me Too–style campaign that split the campus community and led some to condemn the activism as “vigilante tactics.” The Regents of the University of California voted on Sept. 19 to dismiss Balakrishnan, agreeing with ",science
"It was 3 in the morning and I hadn’t slept all night, listening to the crickets and the sound of my husband’s snoring and trying to find a spot on the Murphy bed in my parents’ guest room that wouldn’t creak with every move I made. The hours until sunlight arrived stretched out behind and before me. I felt trapped in the darkness, the same way I felt trapped in my body. Nothing could make me sleep, not a warm bath or a boring book or three entire doses of Benadryl; the stress hormones would rise to match whatever I used to counter them. My fear was no longer contained in my head but pulsed through my body, a living thing. I went to the bathroom and vomited again. I was 6 weeks pregnant. Somehow, at some point, the sun came up. My mom and my husband took me to the hospital. What I didn’t know then was that the anxiety that had been my faithful companion all my life was running amok in my estrogen-soaked body. That cocktail of hormones and fear — my three earlier pregnancies had ended in miscarriages, and I was terrified this one would too — had left an indelible mark on my body in the form of nausea: intense, unrelenting, visceral nausea and vomiting that would see me hospitalized five more times during the course of my pregnancy. The nausea raged and, as it intensified, so did my anxiety; when it abated, which was rare, the anxiety let up too. What I didn’t know then was that I was in the throes of a little-known condition called cyclic vomiting syndrome, a disorder that was likely “turned on” in my enteric nervous system by the fear and the pregnancy hormones. The nausea and vomiting would revisit me again after weaning my son, six months after he was born, and again after that. It generally descended one week before ovulation and lasted 10 days. One time it lasted a month, and I had to seek help. What I didn’t know then is that as much as anxiety is a mental illness, growing in dark synapses and neural pathways, it also lives in the body — in the tightening stomac",reader
"""I see how far ahead I can walk with my eyes closed before I get freaked out and have to open them."" —Georgeisthecoolest ""I have noticed I often sniff when I enter a room so I don't scare people by just talking out of nowhere."" —erotic_rook ""Talking to myself in gibberish when I'm doing something as though I were explaining what I'm doing."" —moosieq ""I have hyperhydrosis (fancy word for sweating a lot) and my T-shirts are constantly sticking to my armpits. To unstick them, I just lift my elbows up and down a few times. Basically, I flap my arms like a chicken. Most of the time, I don't even realize I'm doing it. Imagine having a conversation with someone you have never met and they randomly start flapping like a chicken out of the blue and act like nothing just happened with no explanation. —saymynamebastien ""I walk fast. When it's a crowded place, I use hand gestures whenever another person gets in my way to tell them where I will go, like I point to the left and they automatically move to the right without any awkwardness. It works more often than I initially thought. I guess people tend to follow such unexpected gestures unconsciously."" —confusedmel ""Every time I shift into neutral, I wiggle the stick back and forth a bit as a sanity check."" —thatawesomedude ""I throw up gang signs at my dog. Don't know why it started but I get a laugh out of it and my dog just likes the attention."" —Melgitat_Shujaa ""If I accidentally hit my head or something when I was little, I'd pretend to be knocked out for at least 10 minutes on the floor and then get up when I'd realize nobody was going to indulge my dramatic ass."" —bencarew ""Just before I'm about to write, sometimes I'll do this little circle thing in the air above the paper, like I'm revving the pen up before I use it."" —OmarGuard ""I make a valley out of pillows and blankets and sleep in the middle so I can koala hug something while laying on either side."" —TristanTwo-Shoes ""I blow on my ice cream. I guess to cool it off? ",health
"The Senate will begin an impeachment trial of President Donald Trump soon, but so far no one knows what that will look like or whether high-profile figures will be called to testify. Senate leaders have not yet begun to negotiate a set of rules to shape the trial that will be triggered once the House votes to impeach Trump next week, as is expected. While House Democrats created a tightly controlled process, there’s no plan in the Senate, and Republicans there are split on if they should call in witnesses at all. The question that no one can answer is whether the Senate trial will keep a narrow focus, or if Trump’s legal team will be able to grill political rivals in front of the TV cameras. Trump and some Senate Republicans are calling for a sweeping witness list that includes Joe Biden, his son Hunter, and the whistleblower who first alleged that the president demanded a political quid pro quo from Ukraine. “I am going to vote to give virtually unfettered discretion both to the prosecution and to the defense to call whatever witnesses they want, to cross-examine each other’s witnesses, and to offer whatever rebuttal emanates,” said Louisiana Sen. John Kennedy. Democrats have their own witness wish list, which includes Vice President Mike Pence, Trump’s acting chief of staff Mick Mulvaney, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and former energy secretary Rick Perry. This is why other Republicans, such as Senate Judiciary Committee Chair Lindsey Graham, want to avoid the blank check approach. “They’ll try to call Pompeo and the vice president. I can see this thing turning into a circus, and I really have no interest in that,” said Graham. Usually these questions would be settled by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. But impeachment is one of the rare cases where McConnell does not control the Senate floor. It takes a majority of senators to pass a resolution that dictates who will testify. Even during the Clinton impeachment, when a set of rules was agreed to unanimo",politics
"Four recently fired Google engineers who were active in company worker movements say they will push for a federal investigation into the search and advertising giant for unfair labor practices. On Tuesday, the four former employees announced their intent to file charges with the National Labor Relations Board for what they allege was retaliation from the company against their roles in organizing workers. Two of those employees had been on leave and spoke up during an employee protest at Google’s San Francisco offices last month, while two others had not publicly revealed their names until Tuesday. All four were terminated last week. “We participated in legally protected labor organizing, fighting to improve workplace conditions for all Google workers,” read a letter penned by Laurence Berland, Rebecca Rivers, Paul Duke, and Sophie Waldman. ""Google didn’t respond by honoring its values, or abiding by the law. It responded like a large corporation more interested in revenue growth than in ensuring worker rights and ethical conduct."" The firings, which happened the Monday before Thanksgiving, came during a fraught two and a half years at Google, in which groups of employees have protested against contracts with the military, plans for search in China, payouts to executives accused of sexual misconduct, and more recently, the company’s work with US Customs and Border Patrol. Among labor organizers at the company, the firings were seen as a crackdown by Google management and an attempt to rein in the company’s once open, speak-your-mind culture. Last month, the New York Times reported that Google had hired a consulting firm that specializes in anti-unionization efforts, while the company, in light of the unrest, canceled future all-hands meetings which employees had used to pose questions to leadership. For Berland, a site reliability engineer who had worked at Google for more than 10 years, the changes indicated that the executives making decisions at Google were “oppos",tech
"Canadian diplomats with “Havana syndrome” injuries show signs of pesticide poisoning, suggests a new international study, posing an explanation for mysterious long-term neurological ailments striking diplomats from the US and Canada in Cuba. The finding suggests that the Zika virus crisis of 2016 may have inadvertently created the syndrome through excessive fumigation. Fears about the syndrome led to an international diplomatic row, with US diplomat numbers in Havana lowered, and Cuban diplomats expelled from the US in retaliation. The results of the study suggest a compelling explanation for an otherwise bizarre syndrome that has captured international attention for years. But since it’s based only on observational data, the data should be viewed as preliminary, outside experts said. “We actually found a specific brain region that was affected and that was the clue to everything else,” neuroscientist Alon Friedman of Canada’s Dalhousie University told BuzzFeed News of the study he led, leaked last Friday to the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ahead of publication and peer review in a scientific journal. A copy of the study was sent to BuzzFeed News last week by a representative of Ben Gurion University of the Negev, where Friedman also holds an appointment, and reviewed by outside experts over the weekend. “There was a kind of an ‘aha’ moment, when we realized what might damage this part of the brain,” Friedman said. In late 2016, the US State Department reported that its diplomats in Havana began suffering a “health attack,” in the words of then–Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. At least 26 US diplomats and 14 Canadian ones eventually reported symptoms such as dizziness, deafness, difficulty concentrating, and other signs of head injuries, with the last case tallied from Havana in May 2018. Initially linked to “sonic weapons” in news reports, explanations have ranged from a concussion-like syndrome to microwave injuries in limited studies published by doctors wh",science
"Up a skinny stairwell in New York City’s Chinatown on a sweltering late-September night, a private dining room overflowed with downtown cool kids. Some were sipping Recess, the CBD-infused sparkling water in distinctive pastel cans whose ads papered New York subway walls for a brief period earlier this year. Others stood in the open kitchen, making their own ravioli, which were then placed into plastic to-go boxes marked with each person’s name: the promise of a weeknight dinner at home. The jumpsuited and overalled and fashion-forward mom-jeans-wearers were there to celebrate the ongoing launch of Equal Parts, the first of many planned brands from a new (and newly philosophical) company called Pattern. Equal Parts sells “modern” cookware (sturdy frying pans, mixing bowls, spatulas, knives, and a cutting board turned charcuterie plate) accompanied by cooking assistance. At the party, hip millennial cooks hovered nearby to answer partygoers’ questions, but when you purchase Equal Parts cookware, help comes via text message from friendly “coaches” ready to guide you through making a quick dinner when all you have in your kitchen is a can of black beans, some peanut butter, and a bottle of Trader Joe’s wine. In its previous incarnation, Pattern was a hip boutique digital marketing agency called Gin Lane, responsible for the look of some of the most prominent brands in today’s bourgeois millennial marketplace: Sweetgreen, Harry’s, Everlane. They were trendsetters who made fast-but-fancy salad happen and normcore sustainable clothes cool. Events like the one in Chinatown are the sort of thing that Gin Lane had perfected: gathering cool kids who could help a product, an aesthetic, or a lifestyle choice spiral forth into the world through their Instagram accounts. There was a lot to be wary of in that loft: the beautiful people; the gift bag, complete with butcher knife; the photo booth and the invitation to share photos from the night “with your community”; the guy with t",reader
"""I got a mammogram and then it was very clear that I had breast cancer,"" he recalled. You know Mathew Knowles as Beyoncé and Solange Knowles' dad. He also served as the manager of the mega popular R&B girl group, Destiny's Child. On Wednesday, Mathew opened up about his breast cancer diagnosis and how the health scare impacted his family. ""I had my [mastectomy] surgery the last week of July, and now I’m doing all the stuff for recovery,"" he told Good Morning America host Michael Strahan. The 67-year-old told Strahan he contacted his doctor after he and his wife, Gena, noticed a small dots of blood on his white t-shirts and bedding. ""The first call was to my family. That was the very first call, because this is genetics,"" he said. ""It also means that my kids have a higher chance, a higher risk. Even my grandkids have a higher risk. They handled it like they should — they went on and got the test."" The proud father and granddad now says he's ""doing really good"" and attributes his wellness to eliminating alcohol and exercising regularly. ""I just wanted to have a clean bill of health,"" he stated. His hopes for speaking out, which happens to come during Breast Cancer Awareness Month, is to let ""folks know that you can survive this, but it has to be early detection. I can't over emphasize the word early.'"" Mathew added, ""I learned that the numbers that we have for men on breast cancer are not adequate because we don’t have enough men that come forward that take the exam."" In the end, Mathew's story encouraged Strahan, whose own brother was treated for breast cancer in 2015, to get his blood tested. Watch the full interview to learn more about breast cancer in men ahead.",health
"Pete Buttigieg had nothing to do with a decadelong scheme to fix the price of bread across Canada, his campaign said in a statement, despite an internet theory that bubbled up after Buttigieg disclosed that he had done consulting work on supermarket pricing for the Canadian chain Loblaws during his time at McKinsey. Buttigieg’s campaign told BuzzFeed News on Wednesday that the Democratic presidential candidate had not worked on bread pricing specifically, instead focusing more broadly on price cuts across the Canadian chain, and that he had only recently heard of the “bread scandal” that has become notorious across Canada. “He was part of a team that ran analytics and put together a model to help this supermarket chain determine how much — and in what stores— they could make certain items more affordable in order to gain new customers,” Buttigieg campaign spokesperson Sean Savett told BuzzFeed News in a statement. Loblaw Companies, the parent company of Loblaws, admitted in 2017 to participating in a scheme to steadily increase the price of packaged bread. The Canadian government alleged in court documents that Loblaw and many of Canada’s other large bakers had colluded to fix bread prices over a period of at least 14 years. Until Tuesday, the specifics of Buttigieg’s work at the global consulting firm McKinsey had been kept secret — Buttigieg said he was bound by a nondisclosure agreement that kept him from disclosing the clients he had worked for. He faced mounting pressure from Democratic rivals, however, to release that information. After McKinsey released him from that agreement, Buttigieg’s campaign released a list of clients, which included several US government agencies, like the Department of Energy, and companies like Best Buy and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan. The inclusion of Loblaws, where Buttigieg said he had analyzed “the effects of price cuts on various combinations of items across hundreds of stores,” set off a firestorm among Canadians on Twi",politics
"Alex Tan heard the news secondhand that the Singaporean government was using its fake news law against him. A friend contacted Tan over Messenger on Nov. 28 to tell him Singaporean media outlets were reporting one of his Facebook posts had been determined as fake news, and that he had been issued with a ""correction direction"". The direction, which ordered Tan to edit the post to say it contained false information, is a newly-acquired power for the Singaporean government. It arises from the recently passed Protection From Online Falsehoods And Manipulation (POFMA) Act. The penalty for not following such an order can be up to a year in prison and a SG$20,000 (US$14,600) fine. Tan, who is an Australian permanent resident, has run the anti-Singaporean government blog States Times Review and its Facebook page, which has 53,000 likes, since 2015. The correction direction (and an accompanying post on a government website) referred to a Nov. 23 post on Tan’s Facebook page that alleged a Singaporean whistleblower had been arrested. The Singaporean government said no such arrest was made. Tan, who has lived in Sydney, Australia since 2015, told BuzzFeed News that he has not been contacted by the Singaporean government about the post. Singapore’s POFMA office didn’t answer questions about whether it had attempted to contact Tan. After learning about the order, Tan updated his post to include the Singaporean government’s response. In an interview with BuzzFeed News, Tan conceded the claim about the arrest (which was based on a tip-off) may not be accurate, calling it “sensationalised”. He did not, however, comply with the directive by editing the post to say it contained false information. ""Basically, on the same day [I became aware of the order], I put up a post saying that I wouldn’t comply with orders from a foreign government,"" Tan said. That’s when the Singaporean minister for home affairs K. Shanmugam did something that had never been done before: on Nov. 29, Shanmugam in",tech
"WASHINGTON — NASA committed on Monday to launching a spacecraft to spot dangerous asteroids, after a narrow miss with a record-sized asteroid this summer left the agency reeling. The spacecraft, slated to be ready by 2025 if it gets $500 to $600 million of funding from Congress, should be able to detect 90% of all threatening space rocks aimed at Earth. In July, the largest asteroid to come so close to Earth in a century passed within 41,000 miles of the planet, a close shave by astronomical standards. The asteroid — which was detected just 24 hours before the flyby by a small observatory in Brazil — led planetary defense scientists within the agency to question US asteroid detection capabilities, emails published by BuzzFeed News last week showed. “This one did sneak up on us and it is an interesting story on the limitations of our current survey network,” Lindley Johnson, NASA’s planetary defense officer, wrote in an internal email days after the event. The decision announced by NASA associate administrator Thomas Zurbuchen at a planetary science advisory committee meeting ended a 15-year impasse with Congress, which requested a survey of asteroids larger than 460 feet across in 2005. A June National Academies of Sciences report criticized Congress for never providing the funding for an asteroid-spotting spacecraft, stalled in review of its design since it was turned down as a science mission by NASA in 2014. With the new announcement, NASA is signaling that improved satellite capabilities are a necessity, not a perk. “Make no mistake, the key objective here is planetary defense,” Zurbuchen said. “We are finally going to rely on knowledge, rather than luck, as our plan for dealing with hazardous asteroids,” MIT planetary scientist Richard Binzel told BuzzFeed News. “NASA’s commitment to a space-based asteroid survey is a huge step forward for anyone who cares about human destiny.” According to Zurbuchen, the asteroid surveyor will follow the design for the previou",science
"This is one of those places you go for Instagram. The Manhattan Bridge looms, immediate and substantial, over a cobblestone street, framed on either side by a pair of old brick buildings; if you’re standing in the right spot, you can see the Empire State Building through one of the bridge’s uprights. Imagine a woman, young and ambivalent, staring into the middle distance, white sneakers aglow in the dawn, bridge overhead. This area of Brooklyn, once home to abandoned factories and warehouses, now hosts an annual festival for $3,000 German cameras. All of this could be depressing, conceptually: Thousands and thousands of us cycling through a location for the same photo, then posting it to Instagram, a platform on which you’ve probably seen this photo and will see it again, an endless loop of likes. Restaurant owners think now about how a certain floor tile might look on Instagram, and light the room for the phone’s camera instead of the table; businesses paint ridiculous murals on walls, with human-size white space, so you’ll pop by and pose, ironic or earnest, between technicolor angel wings; Instagram stories of places and people extend out into the jittery forever. And yet, on nice evenings in early September, on a half block of staggering wealth, the photo line can seem less like a grim tribute to our alienated reality and more like a fun carnival. You know those little cartoons of a city, where a guy in a beret with a poodle is walking past a baguette-carrying chef in front of a pencil drawing of the Eiffel Tower? Here in Brooklyn, the tall, thin women in silver Birkenstocks pass by groups of two German tourists and three Chinese tourists. “Car coming!” a man shouted every few minutes one night; a Carvel ice cream truck would inch by, followed by a silver Mercedes G-Class, all while the Q train blared overhead as the metal subway cars crossed the steel bridge. Here a couple would pose in black tie; there some teens would be texting on the curb. Here a black Rang",reader
"What she said. Unapologetically pass gas in public. Pee a little after sneezing, coughing, or laughing. Eat a whole tub of ice cream straight from the carton. Use pregnancy as an excuse to get out of something. And use pregnancy as an excuse for not having the best personal hygiene, like greasy hair. Order more food than necessary because ""the baby is hungry."" Don't button or zip up their jeans. Squeeze their nipples to see if breast milk squirts out. Google graphic videos or pictures of childbirth. Sit on the toilet for hours trying to squeeze a single turd out. Plan to have sex multiple times a day, every day if they are past due. Talk to their baby bump like it is a full-grown adult. Sweep something under a table because it's too hard to pick up. Stare a little too long at the weird discharge that came out of them. Exaggerate the ""pregnancy waddle"" to look more legit. And skip out on something because they can't squeeze their swollen feet into any of their shoes. Pregnancy. The more you know.",health
"Pete Buttigieg has released the list of the clients he worked with at the consulting firm McKinsey & Company following weeks of pressure on him to be more transparent about his past in the private sector. “Now, voters can see for themselves that my work amounted to mostly research and analysis,” Buttigieg, the mayor of South Bend, Indiana, and a Democratic candidate for president, said in a Tuesday night statement after first naming the clients in an interview with the Atlantic. “They can also see that I value both transparency and keeping my word.” The move came in the midst of transparency wars between Buttigieg and another Democratic presidential candidate, Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts. Buttigieg and his allies had been calling on Warren to give more detail about her work for corporate clients as a lawyer. She eventually disclosed how she was paid for much of that work. Warren and her allies had been chastising Buttigieg over the McKinsey work and his refusal to let reporters into his fundraisers. Buttigieg relented on the latter Monday, agreeing to open the fundraisers to media. Later that day, McKinsey announced that it would permit Buttigieg to disclose his clients. The clients disclosed Tuesday by Buttigieg are Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan in 2007; the Canadian grocery chain Loblaws in 2008; Best Buy in 2008; the Natural Resources Defense Council, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Energy, and environmental nonprofit groups and utility companies chiefly in Connecticut in 2008 and 2009; the Energy Foundation, predominantly in 2009; the Department of Defense in 2009, which included visits to Iraq and Afghanistan; and the US Postal Service in 2009 and 2010. Buttigieg had for months declined to release their names or give much detail about his time at McKinsey, citing a nondisclosure agreement he signed at the firm. Buttigieg’s campaign told BuzzFeed News last month that it had asked McKinsey to release the candidate from the a",politics
"Ex–New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg began his campaign for president last week with the purchase of a decaf coffee and a slew of ads on Google searches for climate change, guns, and President Donald Trump’s tweets. The Bloomberg campaign’s ad blitz debuted less than two weeks after Google said it would implement major restrictions for political ads in the 2020 campaign. These restrictions appear unlikely to hold the presidential campaigns back, as indicated by Bloomberg’s spending, which is running close to $1 million, according to an estimate via search analytics platform SEMrush. “We are investing heavily in digital, an area where the Trump campaign has had a free run throughout most of the country and we are going to change that,"" Bloomberg campaign spokesperson Marc La Vorgna told BuzzFeed News. La Vorgna did not comment on the $1 million estimate. Bloomberg’s campaign has run ads across thousands of different search queries, according to SEMrush, including ads that ran against search results for “Trump tweets,” “Fox News Trump,” ""Trump approval rating,” “impeachment,” “climate crisis,” and “gun control.” A Google spokesperson said that while the company’s new policies don’t go into effect until January, Bloomberg’s ads are already in compliance. The former mayor of New York isn’t the only candidate advertising on Google. The Trump campaign is also an active advertiser on the platform. Campaigns sending traffic to donaldjtrump.com spent more than $3 million over the past month, according to SEMrush estimates (which are imprecise). Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, despite calling for Google’s breakup, is also an advertiser on the search giant, although not a big one; her campaign has spent in the range of $10,000 to $20,000 for ads on search terms like “Elizabeth Warren” and “Nevertheless she persisted T-shirt.” For Google advertisers, context — what people are typing in the search bar — is much more important than online behavior. If someone searches “w",tech
"People — mainly young people — across the world walked out of school and work in a massive youth-led movement to draw attention to the climate crisis. There were more than 3,600 events planned, according to the main organizing group #FridaysForFuture. The third global youth-run climate strike of the year, Friday’s event was poised to be the biggest yet and it seemed to deliver: streets in major cities around the world were shuttered with throngs of determined people holding clever signs and chanting. The marches are leading up to the first-ever UN Youth Climate Summit in New York on Saturday. “September 20 is not our goal,” Xiye Bastida, a 17-year-old climate activist who helped to organize the latest strike in New York, told BuzzFeed News. “It’s a stepping stone, a catalyst for future action. It’s a point to tell the world we are watching.” The climate strike movement is just over a year old. It started with 16-year-old Greta Thunberg, who began striking alone every Friday in August last year outside of the Swedish Parliament building in Stockholm to call attention to climate change. In the year since, the movement has spurred hundreds to thousands of kids to strike regularly. Other climate movements, most notably Extinction Rebellion in the UK and the Sunrise Movement in the US, have tapped into growing frustration about a lack of climate action. Thunberg has brought her blunt plea for climate action first to the international climate conference in Poland last year, the TED Talk stage, and, just this week, to the US Congress, where she told lawmakers, “This is the moment in history we need to be wide awake. Dreams cannot stand in the way of telling it like it is, especially not now.” Here are scenes from how today's strikes unfolded across the world: 16-year-old Swedish climate activist Greta Thunberg, who started the movement to strike for climate change, marched in New York City. Thousands joined the strike in downtown Los Angeles. Students protested outside the",science
"“This is usually the part where I tell people to turn off their phones,” the theater attendant announced to my 7:30 p.m. screening of Disobedience. “But since you’re the only one here...um. Go nuts, I guess.” Apparently, I was the only lesbian in Chicago going through a breakup. I’d been single for about a week and, in an intentional effort to leave my apartment, I took myself to a movie. Disobedience, Sebastián Lelio’s 2018 account of a lesbian affair in an Orthodox Jewish community, was the obvious choice because, c’mon, it was Rachel Weisz–on–Rachel McAdams on the big screen. I didn’t end up using my solo attendee freedom to text through the screening, but I did cry. Not because Disobedience is a particularly good movie, or even because I was feeling lonely. More so I was just extremely all up in my gay feelings. Six months later, at another theater across the country, I audibly gasped upon seeing Weisz as Lady Sarah in her pigeon-shooting outfit for the first time. I knew going into The Favourite that it was kind of gay, but did not expect to be immersed in a kaleidoscope of toppy dyke lust. Weisz, Olivia Colman, and Emma Stone were all praised for their portrayals of complex queer women in 18th-century England, but Weisz emerged as the clear, uh, favorite in the LGBTQ community. Throughout the 2019 awards season, Twitter demanded, relentlessly, that Rachel Weisz top them. Not just top — but fully dominate them with hyperbolic levels of violence: Twitter users demanded Weisz do everything from slap them to run them over with a truck to shoot them in the face. (It was like a horny, competitive creative writing exercise.) Thirsty odes were penned. Her red latex Givenchy gown at the Academy Awards became queer canon. Weisz (and Colman) went viral simply (and adorably) for saying “gay rights.” Back in 2009, Weisz had told Vanity Fair Español, “I want to be a lesbian icon.” She apparently got her hands on a copy of The Secret, because a decade later, it was so. But t",reader
,health
"WASHINGTON — In May of 2017, Texas Rep. Al Green became the first Democrat in Congress to support impeaching President Donald Trump. Trump had, at the time, been in office for just four months. Since then, he’s forced a House vote on impeachment three times, each one garnering more support than the last. And on Tuesday, more than two and a half years after his first push, House Democrats unveiled articles of impeachment: One charging the president with abuse of power, and another charging him with obstruction of Congress. The articles will be marked up in the Judiciary Committee later this week and then head to the House floor for a full vote, where they’re expected to pass, making Trump just the third president in this country’s history to be impeached. Then, it will be up to the Senate to try the president. Barring some unforeseen, earth-shattering revelation, it seems very unlikely the Republican-controlled Senate will vote to remove Trump from office, and when that time comes, Democrats seem poised to simply move on and focus their energy on the 2020 election. But not Green. “My prayer is that the Senate will take the articles seriously, that the President will be found guilty, and he'll be removed from office, but if he isn’t, the constitution allows for additional articles of impeachment to be filed,” Green told BuzzFeed News on Tuesday. “If the president commits impeachable offenses, the president can be impeached more than once … so if the Senate doesn't do its job and the President commits impeachable acts, he can still be impeached, and he can be impeached for impeachable acts that he's already perpetrated that were not a part of this impeachment.” The narrow construction of the House’s current articles of impeachment — they address only abuse of power related to Ukraine and Trump’s refusal to comply with the inquiry — gives Green a lot of wiggle room. For example, he said, if the president is not removed from office and goes on to actually shoot someone o",politics
"This article is copublished with Columbia Journalism Investigations and ProPublica, a nonprofit newsroom that investigates abuses of power. Susan Deveau saw Mark Papamechail’s online dating profile on Plenty of Fish in late 2016. Scrolling through his pictures, she saw a 54-year-old man, balding and broad, dressed in a T-shirt. Papamechail lived near her home in a suburb of Boston and, like Deveau, was divorced. His dating app profile said he wanted “to find someone to marry.” Deveau had used dating websites for years, but she told her adult daughter the men she met were “dorky.” She joked about how she could get “catfished” if a date looked nothing like his picture. Still Deveau, 53, wanted to grow old with someone. The two were — in the popular dating platform’s jargon — “matched.” A background check would have revealed that Papamechail was a three-time convicted rapist. It would have shown that Massachusetts designated him a dangerous registered sex offender. So how did Plenty of Fish allow such a man to use its service? Plenty of Fish “does not conduct criminal background or identity verification checks on its users or otherwise inquire into the background of its users,” the dating app states in its terms of use. It puts responsibility for policing its users on users themselves. Customers who sign its service agreement promise they haven’t committed “a felony or indictable offense (or crime of similar severity), a sex crime, or any crime involving violence,” and aren’t “required to register as a sex offender with any state, federal or local sex offender registry.” Plenty of Fish doesn’t attempt to verify whether its users tell the truth, according to the company. Papamechail didn’t scare Deveau at first. They chatted online and eventually arranged a date. They went on a second date and a third. But months after their Plenty of Fish match, Deveau became the second woman to report to police that Papamechail raped her after they had met through a dating app. If you",tech
"In late July, a record-setting asteroid hurtled just 40,400 miles over Earth, the largest space rock to come so close in a century. But perhaps more alarming than the flyby itself is how much it caught NASA by surprise, according to internal agency documents obtained by BuzzFeed News. Spotted just 24 hours before a relatively narrow miss with Earth, the incident reveals holes in NASA’s surveillance network to observe incoming space rocks. The football-field-sized asteroid, dubbed “2019 OK,” is also drawing attention to decades of congressional failures to fix the problem, experts say. “Because there may be media coverage tomorrow, I'm alerting you that in about 30 mins a 57-130 meter sized asteroid will pass Earth at only 0.19 lunar distances (~48,000 miles),” wrote Lindley Johnson, NASA’s planetary defense officer, in a July 24 email alert sent to other space agency experts. ""2019 OK was spotted about 24 hrs ago.” Flying at nearly 55,000 miles per hour, the asteroid came lumbering by with little warning, first detected that day by a small observatory in Brazil. The flyby came five times closer to Earth than the distance to the moon — a close shave by astronomical standards. “If 2019 OK had entered and disrupted in Earth’s atmosphere over land, the blast wave could have created localized devastation to an area roughly 50 miles across,” according to a news release sent out by the agency weeks after the flyby. Such an impact has been estimated to happen about once every 3,000 years. “This object slipped through a whole series of our capture nets,” Paul Chodas of NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory wrote in an email to his colleagues two days after the July 25 flyby, describing what he called the “sneaky” space rock. “I wonder how many times this situation has happened without the asteroid being discovered at all.” The emails were obtained in response to a Freedom of Information Act request and provide a detailed, behind-the-scenes look as NASA officials scrambled to figu",science
"One Valentine’s Day, I knelt on the bedroom floor of the tiny Brooklyn apartment I shared with my boyfriend, clutching a deboning knife. There was blood under my fingernails. The black trash bag that I’d cut open and laid across the wood floor crinkled under my knees as I stared at twelve pounds of disassembled raw meat in a pool of its own blood. A roll of string, its loose end damp and frayed, lay next to me amid this macabre picnic. On the nearby writing desk my laptop glowed with online instructions for how to debone and tie a pork shoulder. I had never eaten meat in my life. My mother had raised me vegetarian and I’d never had the urge to break that fast. I didn’t find meat particularly gross or offensive; I simply did not identify it as food. I would just as soon have tried to eat pillow stuffing or tree bark. I did not even know that “pork shoulder” existed until the February day that I won it at the local supermarket. The cashier had announced that I was the first customer that day to spend over $100 and could pick out any piece of meat my heart desired. Probably, they had some holiday stock nearing expiration. My first instinct was to decline the prize, but then inspiration struck. I would recoup my winning and cook it for my meatloving boyfriend. I picked out the largest hunk of dead animal I could find. “What on earth is that?” my boyfriend asked when I returned home with the boulder of meat. “Pork shoulder!” “Yes. But why is it in our apartment?” “I’m going to cook you a roast for Valentine’s Day,” I said. “That’s ridiculous.” I shrugged, but did not elaborate. What could I have said? I am trying to save our relationship by forging one with twelve pounds of dead pig? It would have been the truth. Alex and I had met for our first date three years earlier, at a restaurant in the West Village renowned for its vegan fried “chicken.” I had chosen the venue and he, despite being an avid carnivore, had gamely agreed. I was twenty-five years old, in graduate sch",reader
"The Orange Is The New Black actor continued that she had been living in ""chronic pain"" but at the same time had no feeling in her arms. ""Also I wanted to see what happens when we go under,"" Rose added. Revealing the extent of Rose's condition, Bray continued: ""She had dysfunction with balance and numbness down her arms and [her] reflexes were off."" Bray said: ""She can go back into stunts or workouts and, most importantly, now she's safe because the compression, she would've had risk of losing function."" ""Surgery went great. She's already up and walking and moving her arms. [She] says her arms feel less numb already,"" Bray said. ""It'll take a few months to get back to a hundred per cent but I expect she'll be back doing all the things for her show."" Ruby Rose posted a graphic three-minute video of recent neck surgery on Instagram this weekend, revealing that performing stunts had left her at risk of becoming paralysed. Back in August, while promoting the upcoming TV series Batwoman, for which she plays the titular character, fans noticed a scar on Rose's neck. Now, Rose has revealed that the scar is a result of the emergency neck surgery, which she underwent after ""[herniating] two discs"" while doing stunts on set. ""A couple of months ago I was told I needed an emergency surgery or I was risking becoming paralyzed,"" Rose said on Instagram. ""I had herniated two discs doing stunts, and they were close to severing my spinal [cord]."" Proving to still have a sense of humour about the situation, Rose said that she had let the doctors film the surgery after ""that [Grey's] Anatomy episode where they left a towel in a patient"". In a less-graphic version uploaded to YouTube, Doctor Bray, who performed the surgery, explained that Rose had injured two discs and ruptured one, which was ""badly compressing her spinal cord"". After replacing the injured discs with two artificial ones, Bray said he had high expectations that Rose would be able to continue doing the stunt work required",health
"Facebook said it would not weaken end-to-end encryption across its messaging apps, despite pressure from world governments, in a letter to US Attorney General Bill Barr and UK and Australian leaders. The letter, sent Monday, came in response to an October open letter from Barr, UK Home Secretary Priti Patel, Australian Minister for Home Affairs Peter Dutton, and then–acting US homeland security secretary Kevin McAleenan, which raised concerns that Facebook’s continued implementation of end-to-end encryption on its WhatsApp and Messenger apps would prevent law enforcement agencies from finding illegal activity such as child sexual exploitation, terrorism, and election meddling. The US, UK, and Australian governments asked the social networking company to design a backdoor in its encryption protocols, or a separate way for law enforcement to gain access to user content. “It is simply impossible to create such a backdoor for one purpose and not expect others to try and open it,” wrote WhatsApp head Will Cathcart and Messenger head Stan Chudnovsky in Facebook's response. “People’s private messages would be less secure and the real winners would be anyone seeking to take advantage of that weakened security. That is not something we are prepared to do.” End-to-end encryption prevents anyone — governments, security agencies, or hackers — from accessing or viewing the contents of a message between two parties and is a key feature on popular apps such as WhatsApp and Signal. Government agencies have long desired a means of accessing message content on encrypted apps, arguing that it’s in the interest of public safety despite broader privacy concerns. Facebook’s letter came as Jay Sullivan, Messenger’s director of product management for privacy and integrity, prepared to testify on Tuesday at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on “encryption and lawful access” along with an executive from Apple and New York County District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. In his opening statement, ",politics
"Donald Trump takes up a lot of space on the map. The Trump Organization owns or licenses its name to dozens of properties around the world, including several Trump Towers, Trump Plazas, Trump International Hotels, and Trump International Golf Clubs. All of these places are listed on Google Maps, where, as a way to assist with place descriptions, anyone with a Google account can submit a photo, video, or 360-degree panoramic view of what these places are like. Most of the people who earnestly submit media for these places appear to be eager participants in the MAGA fandom that Trump cultivates. They often take selfies, or pose next to things that say “Trump” on them, and eagerly capture framed pictures of Trump and merchandise in his gift shop. On the other hand, there are also some people just doing really weird stuff. We reviewed the user-contributed content on Google Maps for every Trump property that we could identify, plus other Trump-related locations such as the White House and his childhood home. Here are the strangest things we found. A screenshot of a GIF posted in the Google Maps photo gallery of the White House South Lawn. This is a fun little GIF of a man in a little bathing suit twirling his umbrella at the Trump National Doral Miami on a rainy day. He appears to be at the resort. This is in the photo gallery for the White House South Lawn. If you have any information about how or why this photo was taken, please email the author of this piece. The Google Maps listing for the Trump National Golf Club in Charlotte, North Carolina, inexplicably has three short videos of a person punching and kicking a punching bag. It’s unclear whether this video was recorded at the club gym. How cute. This person has uploaded dozens of stock photos to the White House South Lawn, and this is one of them. From what I've gathered, this is a 30-second clip of the song “Mujhe Tera Diwana Bana Diya” by Indian artist Acharya Shri Gaurav Krishna Goswami Ji. It is in the video ga",tech
"Sixteen-year-old Greta Thunberg, in a special address Wednesday evening, told Congress that when it comes to climate change, “This is the time to wake up.” “This is not the time and place for dreams, this is the time to wake up,” Thunberg said, standing on a makeshift step stool addressing a crowd of a couple hundred lawmakers, members of the public, and journalists. “This is the moment in history we need to be wide awake. Dreams cannot stand in the way of telling it like it is, especially not now.” The teenage climate activist from Sweden is the face of the youth-led climate movement that is galvanizing people all around the world to ditch work and school on Friday to call for action on climate change. The upcoming strike will be the third, and is anticipated to be the biggest, global climate demonstration this year. Thunberg launched the climate movement last August, striking alone outside the Swedish Parliament in Stockholm as a way to push her country to do more to fight climate change. She went on to form the organization FridaysForFuture, inspiring others to join her — and they did. She took her message to world leaders, speaking at the international United Nations climate conference in Poland last year, to the TED Talks stage, and now to the US Congress. Joined by a group of other young US climate activists this week for two days of back-to-back visits and events on Capitol Hill, Thunberg delivered a series of messages to members of Congress behind closed doors, in a House committee hearing, and, finally, in a public address. The running theme of all her remarks was that the US is not doing enough to address climate change. Even if every country managed to meet their current climate goals, the world would not be on track to limit warming to at least 2 degrees Celsius, the main goal in the Paris climate agreement. Under President Trump, the United States has been rolling back its climate and pollution standards and removing barriers to speed up additional foss",science
"Taika Waititi’s Jojo Rabbit is a film designed to raise eyebrows. Billed as an “anti-hate satire,” the movie is gleefully transgressive and unabashedly silly; one scene features Adolf Hitler eating unicorn meat. And it taps into a cheeky cinematic history that dates back to Charlie Chaplin’s The Great Dictator (1940), Mel Brooks’s The Producers (1967), and Quentin Tarantino’s Inglourious Basterds (2009). Waititi’s film, which opened this past weekend to mixed reviews and strong box office numbers, dares audiences to laugh at Nazis — who have generally been regarded for most of the past century as nothing to joke about. The film’s titular protagonist is a 10-year-old boy living in Germany during World War II, Johannes “Jojo” Betzler (Roman Griffin Davis); Waititi’s Hitler, played by the director himself, is a figment of Jojo’s imagination. In an early script, Waititi (whose mother is Jewish) described the character not as the Hitler we know and hate but as someone who is “goofy, charming, and glides through life with a childlike naivety; a real dork” — the kind of person who comforts Jojo in one scene by sharing his own insecurities before offering him a cigarette. “Let them say whatever they want,” Hitler tells Jojo. “People used to say a lot of nasty things about me.” As Jojo Rabbit’s editor Tom Eagles told Vulture when talking about how test audiences reacted to the film’s various early cuts, “Most people were down with it, but there was a certain section of the audience who were just like, ‘We can never laugh at this.’” With some exceptions, like Roberto Benigni’s 1997 tragicomedy Life Is Beautiful, Hollywood has most often packaged stories about Nazi Germany and the Holocaust in accordance with that principle — favoring sentimental, dour narratives, like the book-to-film adaptations Schindler’s List (1993), The Book Thief (2013), and The Zookeeper’s Wife (2017). And, in fact, Jojo Rabbit, in all its absurdity, owes a direct debt to (and, as a result, functions a",reader
,health
"WASHINGTON — After months of investigation, House Democrats unveiled articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump on Tuesday, charging him with abuse of power and obstruction of Congress. The first article focuses on Trump's dealings with Ukraine, arguing that he should be removed from office for holding up needed US military aid for the country in exchange for investigations into former vice president Joe Biden and his family. ""It is an impeachable offense for the president to exercise the powers of his public office to obtain an improper personal benefit while ignoring or injuring the national interest,"" Judiciary Committee Chair Jerry Nadler said at a press conference announcing the articles Tuesday morning. ""Using the powers of his high office, President Trump solicited the interference of a foreign government, Ukraine, in the 2020 United States Presidential election. He did so through a scheme or course of conduct that included soliciting the Government of Ukraine to publicly announce investigations that would benefit his reelection, harm the election prospects of a political opponent, and influence the 2020 United States Presidential election to his advantage,"" the articles read. The second articles includes charges related to the administration's stonewalling of Congress's investigation into the president's actions. ""President Trump engaged in unprecedented, categorical, and indiscriminate defiance of the impeachment inquiry. ... We must be clear, no one, not even the president, is above the law,"" Nadler said. ""President Trump thus warrants impeachment and trial, removal from office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor, trust or profit under the United States,"" the articles conclude. The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. The full H",politics
"As the tech and business team at BuzzFeed News, we love stuff. Gizmos, gadgets, games, and gear. So here are some of the many things that we tried this year and wholeheartedly recommend. Can you go half a minute without checking Twitter, or TikTok, or Facebook? I bet you didn’t make it through that sentence without gazing longingly at another tab. How does one get work done in such a distracting world? Some of us have given up. For the rest of us, there’s Forest. No, not the one with trees. Don’t get carried away. I’m talking about Forest, the app, and also a browser extension, that helps you concentrate. When you use Forest, you can choose to block certain websites, or stop using your phone, for 25-minute intervals. When you start your countdown, Forest displays a small shrub, which grows until it’s a fully mature digital tree at the 25-minute mark. If you try to navigate to your forbidden websites — which you can whitelist or blacklist — you will kill your tree. And since you don’t want to be a tree murderer, you will concentrate and enrich your life, or your company, and live happily ever after. —Alex Kantrowitz Toward the end of 2018, I attended my first meeting for what became the BuzzFeed News Union. When it was time to plan when we’d meet next, there came that inevitable murmur of everyone pulling up their calendars, throwing out a bunch of dates, and then someone else saying they weren’t free — but how about this day? Rather than let that agony go on any longer, I volunteered to just make a Doodle. “What’s a Doodle?” someone asked. “What’s a DOODLE?!” I probably shrieked back, stunned that so many people didn’t know about the productivity tool I’ve been loyally using for at least six years. Doodle is pretty simple: It’s a scheduling tool that makes planning meetings ridiculously easy. You select a bunch of possible dates and send them to the attendees. They check off which dates they could do. At the end, you have a neat little tally showing which day most p",tech
"Conspiracy theorists have railed for seven decades against fluoride, suggesting that water fluoridation was a government mind-control trick or communist plot. Now, an August study published by a well-regarded medical journal, JAMA Pediatrics, has reignited debate about fluoride, both from harsh critics of fluoridation and harsh critics of the study. The authors observed a link between fluoride, pregnant women, and the IQ of their children. It stopped short of recommending canceling fluoridation programs, but did warn expecting mothers to watch how much fluoride they consumed while the link was checked out. “Maternal exposure to higher levels of fluoride during pregnancy was associated with lower IQ scores in children aged 3 to 4 years,” concluded the study. The study authors and independent experts told BuzzFeed News that the finding raises questions about unknown effects that fluoride could have on vulnerable people, such as extremely young kids and expecting mothers. However, they also braced themselves for their concerns to be co-opted by the anti-fluoride camp. “I think that it is highly likely that it will stoke conspiracy theories, even though it is not merited at this point,” Adam Spanier, professor of pediatrics at the University of Maryland School of Medicine, told BuzzFeed News by email ahead of the study’s launch. Tracey Woodruff, a professor of reproductive health at the University of California, San Francisco, who was not involved with the study, told BuzzFeed News that publishing on fluoride “is like touching a third rail in public health,” anticipating that the paper would stir controversy. “I think this message could be easily misconstrued as us saying don’t drink fluoridated water — we’re not saying that,” study author Christine Till, professor of psychology at York University in Toronto, told BuzzFeed News. Sure enough, the Fluoride Action Network (FAN), a noted anti-fluoride group, posted links to more than a dozen media reports of the study on it",science
"Last August, when the writer Meghan Daum published her essay “Nuance: A Love Story” on the Medium publication GEN (where she’s a biweekly columnist), it touched a nerve. The love story, as detailed in this 28-minute read, was about how Daum — a lifelong self-described liberal — fell into a YouTube hole populated by the “intellectual dark web,” the sticky neologism that applies to a loosely connected group of professors and podcasters, including Jordan Peterson, Christina Hoff Sommers, and Joe Rogan. The group’s members, first introduced to the mainstream by a 2018 New York Times piece by Bari Weiss, present themselves as self-styled public intellectuals who argue that their values of “reason,” which can easily be interpreted as hate speech, are “under attack” from today’s politically correct attitudes. Daum refers to her “new friends” (which she’s careful to note include a “handful of this cadre” of the intellectual dark web) as “Free Speech YouTube.” In the piece, she outlines how she went from watching Bloggingheads.TV to curling up with a two-hour interview with Evergreen College professor Bret Weinstein, the locus of a campus controversy on racism and intolerance, on The Rubin Report, a YouTube show hosted by Dave Rubin. “I was invigorated,” she writes, “even electrified, by their willingness to ask (if not ever totally answer) questions that had lately been deemed too messy somehow to deal with in mainstream public discourse.” For longtime fans of Daum, “Nuance” was befuddling, dissonant, and troubling. Daum is something like a senior statesperson for the young, striving white nonfiction woman writer. Her 1999 breakout essay and subsequent 2001 essay collection, My Misspent Youth, is a cult classic about the pleasures and perils of pursuing a passion for an intellectual life. Her books captured a generation’s experience in funny and devastating prose: In 2010, she published a memoir about yearning for real estate, Life Would Be Perfect if I Lived in That House,",reader
"When you're not sure why it feels like you're leaking: When real life inspires real fun: When your period starts: When you realize how weird this situation is: When your hormones are all out of whack: Seriously: When you get to that age where a little bit of pee just happens sometimes: When motherhood turns out to be as much of a bitch as a period: When you die a little bit inside because your partner is WAY off, but, like...nice try? When you experience one of these bad boys for the first time: When you realize this missed opportunity: When your period is just straight-up rude: When you realize you actually have a sixth sense: When your period decides to show up completely unannounced: When your priorities are very set: When you have a conversation with someone who is unnecessarily uncomfortable: And finally, when artwork looks suspiciously familiar:",health
"WASHINGTON — Deval Patrick is offering a blunt defense of his record as his rationale for entering the race for president, saying that as a two-term governor, he’s already proved his ability to deliver on “a lot of the stuff” that other candidates in the race only “have plans for.” “A lot of the stuff that voters say they're interested in, and that candidates have plans for, I’ve already done. So for me it's not about having a plan or ambition — it's about having results. In New Hampshire, folks know what I'm talking about. Those proof points are familiar to them and people are open to it,” Patrick told BuzzFeed News in an interview in Washington, DC. “It is something I bring to the race that the other very capable candidates don’t.” Patrick has said that he doesn’t see any part of his campaign’s approach or its message as a “critique” of other candidates. But his jab at the use of strictly policy proposals as the foundation for a pitch to primary voters is evidence of how he plans to use his record as governor to persuade voters. And it shows a strategy, especially in New Hampshire — which shares a border and media market with Massachusetts, where Patrick served as governor for eight years — for Patrick to dislodge the candidate many will see as the nameless target of his dismissal of “plans”: Elizabeth Warren. Patrick has been in Washington making stops to campaign, mostly to small audiences. On Sunday night, that included a holiday cocktail party for the Washington Association of Black Journalists. In the interview, Patrick said that as governor, he focused his leadership on bringing together disparate forces to implement things such as health care enrollment, an overhaul of the commonwealth’s criminal justice system, and measures addressing climate change. As Patrick and his campaign see it, the Democratic primary to this point has been overly meandering and has failed to reach Americans looking for a different type of political leadership. Democrats, Patrick sa",politics
"Baby boomers are now ages 55 to 73; to housing economists, this fact means millions of homes will hit the market in the next couple of decades “as their current owners pass away” or move in with their children or into assisted living, according to a new and utterly macabre report by real estate search platform Zillow, just in time to make Thanksgiving incredibly awkward. Does this flood of supply mean housing prices will plummet to more affordable levels? Not likely, unless you’re looking to live in popular retirement destinations or cities with a large elderly population like Miami, Orlando, and Tampa in Florida, or Tucson, Arizona. Still, it will relieve some of the upward pressure on prices created by the current supply shortage. “The number of extra homes opening up via boomers aging out will be comparable to the extra wave of supply built in the heady days of the early 2000s, which eventually contributed to inventory overhang in many metros,” Jeff Tucker, an economist at Zillow, told BuzzFeed News. “These homes will also be more affordable to a broader range of buyers than most newly built homes, due to the diversity of building ages and conditions.” Zillow estimated over the next 20 years, 27.4% of owner-occupied homes will hit the market, much of it in or near city centers rather than in the outer rings and suburbs, where new homes tend to be built. About 55% of owner-occupied homes in the US are owned by residents aged 50 or older, according to the site. “As these households age and begin vacating housing, that could represent upwards of 20 million homes hitting the market through the mid-2030s,” the report stated. From 2017 to 2027, Zillow estimated, 920,000 homes will be released into the market each year by seniors aged 60 or older; from 2027 to 2037, it predicted, that number will rise to 1.17 million homes per year. Don’t expect prices around the country to plunge though — the impact will vary depending on the market. Well-known retirement destinations ",tech
"After a big breakup earlier this year — I was the one who ended things — I gave myself a lot of room to grieve in whatever ways felt good at the time. Ordering takeout for both lunch and dinner? Sure. Downing IPAs while watching women’s soccer at 10 in the morning? No problem. Draining my savings on weird funky clothing and yet another pair of clogs? You bet!!! According to the tenets of modern pop feminism, I’m entitled to a certain amount of overindulgence because, as a hardworking woman, I’ve earned it. Everything from institutional sexism to harassment to heartbreak can supposedly be assuaged by a couple bottles of wine with a group of good girlfriends. The treacly “Treat yo self” mantra popularized on Parks and Recreation has enabled many a stressed-out woman to place that $800 Anthropologie order (you can always return most of it, right?). Life is hard and the world is on fire; maybe we deserve to indulge in some good old simple pleasures. So what if wine is a carcinogen and the alcohol industry has actively worked to downplay the link between drinking and cancer? So what if fast fashion is built on exploitative labor and contributes to mass global pollution? So what if the concept of self-care — popularized by Audre Lorde, a black lesbian activist battling breast cancer — has been co-opted to sell us things we don’t need, things which indirectly harm others and might actually harm us in the end? We’ve earned it, ladies! I’d like to think I don’t actively buy into the capitalist vision of self-care, even as I’ve thrown my money into its maw; at least, I don’t assume any sort of entitlement to feeling good via the accumulation of material things. More so, I just thought…fuck it. A few months ago, drunk in the middle of the day, I impulse-bought a Juul at a bodega in downtown Manhattan. I’d been taking hits off my friends’ vapes for months, only after I’d had enough to drink that smoking became pleasurable instead of disgusting. That was the rule I’d used for my",science
"The rise of video streaming services has opened up a vast array of TV series’ back catalogs, and with it a debate: Just because we can mainline older shows, does that mean we should? There are more than enough new viewing options being produced (including an endless parade of reboots and revisionist remakes for the nostalgia-inclined) to keep anyone entertained. So why are Gen Z teenagers who weren’t alive in 1994 bingeing Friends on Netflix? And should someone stop them? A lot of the widely cherished shows that have enjoyed renaissances or extended lives through streaming seem culturally out of touch in some ways now — even those that are just 10 or 20 years old, like Friends and Sex and the City. Sensibilities have changed quickly in that time, especially in comedy. What might have passed for funny a couple decades ago (Monica gets cornrows in Barbados! Chandler’s father is a transgender woman played by Kathleen Turner and literally no one can stop saying wildly offensive things! Carrie Bradshaw doesn’t believe in bisexuals!) doesn’t look so good now. But while we battle it out on Twitter about whether we can sensibly enjoy some older shows while keeping their historic limitations in mind, one thing is for sure: If you’re looking for a safe port of funny — and progressive — comfort viewing in the storm of peak TV and cancel culture, you can’t do better than The Mary Tyler Moore Show. The Mary Tyler Moore Show, which ran from 1970 to 1977 and will celebrate its 50th anniversary next year, is still one of the best things you can watch, by any method, at any time. (It’s now streaming on Hulu, and available for purchase on Amazon Prime and Apple.) That’s a tribute to the show’s quality and charm, but also to its politics. Unlike a lot of other comedies in the “vintage TV” category, the show does not mine jokes from sexual harassment, gay panic, or race and gender stereotypes. The Mary Tyler Moore Show churned out great episodes through most of the 1970s that are not j",reader
"🚨 Warning: Some of this content is disturbing and graphic. 🚨 Joyce Carol Vincent died in her London apartment in 2003 of either an asthma attack or from complications of a peptic ulcer. However, her body wasn't discovered until almost THREE YEARS later. Vincent set up automatic payments on her rent and apartment bills, so no one noticed that she died until a few fines built up. Her body had deteriorated so much that by the time they discovered her she looked ""mostly skeletal."" Even more heartbreaking, they found wrapped Christmas presents next to her corpse, which were unmarked and never delivered. —mollyc4dc You might think that going to space would be extremely cool (and you'd be correct), but doing so may result in some serious negative side effects on your body. Because there's no gravity in space, your body would be subjected to long-term weightlessness, and that could result in a number of different things, including ""excessive flatulence"" and the deterioration of your skeleton, otherwise known as ""spaceflight osteopenia."" No thanks!  —alliec14 The Zodiac Killer terrorized the world after murdering several people in Northern California in the '60s and '70s, even sending cryptic messages to the police as a way to taunt them. The Zodiac Killer is one of the most famous serial killers in the world, and also probably the scariest to think about, since we still don't know who committed the crimes. This chilling page does a deep dive into the entire investigation, including details about each specific attack, the two survivors, and all of the current suspects. —Nicholas Irving, Facebook This is an in-depth look into all of the wild and sometimes gruesome incidents that have occurred at Disneyland Resort in California. Apparently there are over 100 lawsuits involving Disney parks every year, including major incidents, ride accidents, and, yes, even deaths at the park. This page gets into specifics about all of those horrifying events. —ghastlyghostie In 1989, 17-year",health
"The Supreme Court on Monday rejected a challenge to a Kentucky law that requires doctors to show and describe ultrasound images and play the sounds of the fetus’s heartbeat to women seeking abortions. The organizations challenging the law, which included a Kentucky abortion clinic and the American Civil Liberties Union, argued that it was a breach of the First Amendment because it forced patients to see and hear content they didn’t want to. The law, which was previously upheld by the US Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit, was blocked while the Supreme Court considered whether to hear the case. The court’s refusal to hear it is not a ruling and will not have consequences for similar laws around the country, but it allows the law to go into effect in Kentucky. In defending the law, Kentucky argued that the regulation was part of the medical “informed-consent” process and that the law ""does nothing more than require that women who are considering an abortion be provided with information that is truthful, non-misleading and relevant to their decision of whether to have an abortion."" The appeals court agreed, writing in its ruling that there was “nothing suspect” about the state requiring a doctor to provide “truthful” information, “even if those disclosures relate to unborn life and have the effect of persuading the patient not to have an abortion."" While the Supreme Court’s rejection of the case is the last word on the challenge to Kentucky’s law, the law can still be repealed by the state’s legislature, and abortion rights organizations are calling on legislators to take this action. “The physicians at Kentucky’s last abortion clinic will be forced to subject every patient to their ultrasound images, a detailed description of those images, and the sounds of the fetal heart tones prior to an abortion,” the ACLU wrote in a statement on the rejection, “even if the patient objects or is covering their eyes and blocking their ears, and even if the physician believes that",politics
"Yesterday, Twitter announced that it would be clearing out old usernames. People who haven’t logged in in six months will receive an email warning them that if they don’t log in, they might lose their username and account completely. This was great news for anyone who is hoping to nab a better username. But the news came with a huge downside: the potential deletion of accounts of dead people. Now Twitter is walking it back, saying it will not delete any accounts until it has figured out a way to memorialize accounts for people who have died. The outcry was immediate after Twitter’s announcement. Deleting the tweets of dead people feels quite simply, cruel to the people they’ve left behind. Tweets are the musings, the thoughts, the voice of a real person. For a moment, let’s forget about the terrible side of Twitter — hate speech, trolls, etc.... We’re talking here about people who used Twitter in the best possible way: a platform for expression and conversation, to share ideas, crack jokes, slide into DMs, and even form friendships. I understand this; there are people I cared about who have died and I’d feel devastated if their Twitter accounts were deleted. The tweets of people who have died matter a lot to their loved ones. Last night, Jason Scott of Archive Team, which works to preserve parts of the internet, announced that the group would be taking requests for user accounts to memorialize. People could submit the name of a Twitter account of a dead person that they wanted to be archived. Scott told BuzzFeed News the Archive Team received about 1,500 names since last night. Scott is frustrated by Twitter’s seemingly callous move. “This is a case where we let Twitter become the primary platform for a massive variety of public discourse and record and journalism,” he told BuzzFeed News. “And now we’re rediscovering that they had no idea this was the case … Nobody at Twitter thought about this until yesterday.” He’s also skeptical that Twitter will truly change its",tech
"In March 2011, a group of technology executives gathered in a private dining room at an upscale Italian restaurant in downtown Long Beach, California, for a meal and some conversation. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, Tesla CEO Elon Musk, Google cofounder Sergey Brin, and others were all in town for TED, the annual conference with the slogan “ideas worth spreading.” They were among friends at an annual event called the “billionaires’ dinner,” without a retinue of handlers and hangers-on. Yet when the event was later immortalized online, at least one infamous individual was missing from the names of the masters of the universe who had gathered for the evening: the convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. This elite dinner, and another similarly select gathering that Epstein attended later that year, were both organized by the New York literary agent John Brockman, whose exclusive intellectual club, called Edge, seems to have played a role in Epstein’s efforts to regain credibility and influence in circles of the rich and powerful. At the time, he was less than two years removed from finishing a 13-month prison term in a Florida state jail for soliciting prostitution from an underage girl. A leaked email obtained by BuzzFeed News also suggests that Epstein separately pursued ties with Microsoft cofounder Bill Gates. The months following Epstein’s release from prison would be crucial for the disgraced financier as he began his reacclimation to the upper-crust social circles he had occupied before his arrest. In late 2010, Epstein reportedly hosted a dinner for celebrities and Prince Andrew at his Upper East Side mansion, and by the next year he was once again mingling with Brockman, an über networker among the elite of tech, science, and Wall Street. With a goal to “seek out the most complex and sophisticated minds, put them in a room together, and have them ask each other the questions they are asking themselves,” Brockman’s Edge Foundation had previously welcomed Epstein as a p",science
"Before I knew that I liked women, I knew that I really liked reading about Hermione Granger and Ginny Weasley hooking up at Hogwarts. It turns out a magical school for witches and wizards is a perfect place for secret hookups. From the Room of Requirement to the Gryffindor common room, I read about the pair doing every possible dirty thing in every nook and cranny of the castle. Two girls having sex was just neat, you know? I was a teen at the time, back in the mid-2000s, the same age as the characters. I’d read about their rendezvous — always teeming with angst, awkward first times, and stolen kisses — at night alone in my dark childhood room, a computer screen illuminating my face. Hermione and Ginny canoodling under the canopy of a draped dorm room bed taught me, for the first time, how two people with vaginas have sex. While I didn’t quite understand why just yet, I was very interested. I was not alone. Like a lot of other queer millennials, fanfiction was my first introduction to queer sex and provided lessons that my sex ed teachers dare not speak. Where the education system failed us, our fellow horny teens stepped up. Ginny and Hermione also opened a queer door for Christina Orlando, a 31-year-old queer and nonbinary writer in New York. They started reading fanfiction at 13, finding it at first on the official Harry Potter forums where people would often role-play as their favorite characters. As they dove deeper down the rabbit hole, fanfiction became a way to parse their own queer feelings. “The first girl that I ever had a crush on, there was a girl in my high school that was a year older than me and it was the first time I was like, Oh shit, I’m feeling things,” they told me. The crush in question had a Live Journal where she’d write about her own romantic escapades and those stories became an inspiration for Orlando. “That’s how I learned how to write. I took snippets of her journals and used it to create fiction of Hermione and Ginny hooking up in the ",reader
"—christam43 —Tania O'Connor, Facebook —Angie Anderson, Facebook —Viral Joshi, Facebook —Jax Pratt, Facebook —nik2995 —kylas408c —rosalieg4 —Aldi Yana, Facebook —stellarnurse —Morgan Palmer, Facebook —andyhawk05 —makaylab4 —heatherc4 —hillaryf4 Regrettably, we asked the nurses and doctors of the BuzzFeed Community to tell us their wildest experiences in the ER, and apparently a lot of people get things stuck in their private parts. Here are the jaw-dropping stories. ""I worked in a hospital for a very long time. One of the nurses told me about the time a patient came in complaining of vaginal pain. When they did a pelvic exam, there were cockroaches in her vagina."" ""I had a gentleman come in with a lid from an aerosol can stuck up his butt. He said he 'fell' on it."" ""I work as an RN in a maximum security prison and had a guy who would routinely stick pencils up his urethra. One time, he also stuck six sporks in his rectum. I asked why, and he said, 'I just like doing it.'"" ""When I worked in the ER, I had a guy come in with several mini crayons stuffed in his anus. Some had managed to rotate, and he couldn't push them out."" ""One woman came in with the leftovers of a candy bar in her vagina. Her husband wanted to eat it from her vagina. It was half-melted, nuts and all."" ""My friend is a radiologist. She had an elderly gentleman come in with a screwdriver stuck in his butt. Apparently he tried to poop it out but couldn't and needed help trying to get it out."" ""One time a lady came in, and she had a cucumber stuck in her vagina. Unfortunately it had been there for a couple of days and was rotten. The smell was unbearable."" ""A friend of mine said her gynecologist had a patient who'd put dog food in her vag and let her dog eat it out. Apparently her privates were mangled, and she always had infections."" ""I had a guy come in with a rock up his ass. He was as calm as a cucumber about it, like it was an everyday occurrence. The rock was removed in surgery, and I had the job of",health
"SOUTH BEND, Indiana — The people of South Bend never expected to be in the middle of a presidential race. But Mayor Pete Buttigieg has hurled them all together now into the spotlight. Their challenges — poverty, a post-industrial economy, a deep mistrust of police — and Buttigieg’s fresh but complicated record at such a local level feed a persistent narrative about his relationship with people of color. So does racial division. More than a quarter of South Bend’s 101,000 residents are black. Another 14% are Latino. And some of the city’s most vocal activists have gone national with their attacks on the young, white, Harvard-educated mayor, who, as you may have heard, is polling at zero among black voters in South Carolina. That story — a circular narrative built primarily around poll numbers — can be deeply misleading. A few things were clear to me after spending several days in South Bend this month and hearing from more than 15 local activists, pastors, politicians, and others — most of them people of color and many supportive of Buttigieg’s presidential bid. One: The anger directed toward Buttigieg over his policies and the slow pace at which results are seen is real and visceral, if not uncommon for a city of South Bend’s size. And two: Any notion that he has ignored these issues or navigated them without advice from the city’s black community is incorrect. Buttigieg’s allies in South Bend’s black community, quiet for months as he defended himself with data that never told the full story, are finally hitting back — in some cases almost literally. Last week, when a Black Lives Matter protester disrupted a public meeting designed to show off Buttigieg’s relationships with some of South Bend’s most respected black leaders, a woman in the audience reached for a cane and raised it over her head with two hands, as if prepared to strike the man before he ran off with the microphone. “This is the first time we’ve ever had a person out of South Bend who’s running for pre",politics
"KYIV — If you want a guaranteed way to anger a Ukrainian, tell them Crimea belongs to Russia. Ukrainian diplomats are lashing out at Apple after it gave in to Moscow’s demands to show Ukraine’s Crimean Peninsula as part of Russian territory on its maps and weather apps when accessed from Russia. “IPhones are great products. Seriously, though, @Apple, please, please, stick to high-tech and entertainment. Global politics is not your strong side. #CrimeaIsUkraine,” tweeted the Ukrainian foreign minister, Vadym Prystaiko. Hours later, the Ukrainian embassy in Washington joined him in criticizing the tech giant. “We guess Ukrainians not giving any thanks to @Apple this #Thanksgiving! So let’s all remind Apple that #CrimeaIsUkraine and it is under Russian occupation - not its sovereignty,” it tweeted. Russia invaded Crimea with soldiers in unmarked uniforms and annexed the Black Sea peninsula in 2014, in a move that was condemned by the vast majority of the international community. In response, the US and EU slapped Russian politicians, individuals, and companies with sanctions over the land grab that remains in place today. News that Apple had complied with Moscow’s demands was first reported by the BBC, which confirmed the Crimean cities of Sevastopol and Simferopil, as well as Crimea itself, were identified as Russian territory on Apple Maps and Apple Weather. It’s unclear when Apple made these changes. However, when viewing Apple Maps and Apple Weather from outside Russia, including Kyiv, those cities and Crimea don’t show as being a part of any country. In those apps, which come preinstalled on all Apple iPhones, other global cities are typically listed with an associated country and state or region. Apple didn’t immediately respond to BuzzFeed News’ request for comment. The State Duma, Russia’s lower house of parliament, said in a statement on Wednesday that it had met with Apple’s Russia representative Daria Ermolina, whom it said had confirmed what Russia describe",tech
"What’s causing the explosion in dangerous and deadly lung illnesses among vapers nationwide? While health officials hunt for answers, one leading theory points to a bad ingredient in vaping liquids, perhaps Vitamin E, sold on the street. But some physicians suspect the epidemic has always been there, unnoticed until now. And for others, the culprit might be the online world of dubious home-brew recipes for getting a better high while vaping. “Vaping” is shorthand for inhaling vaporized liquid, usually a mixture of nicotine and oil heated by a battery-powered atomizer in an e-cigarette or larger vaporizer. E-cigarettes have been sold in the US since 2007, with more than 9 million people using them on a regular basis, according to the CDC. More than 3.6 million teens vape, according to the FDA, turning the purpose of a device originally intended to wean smokers off tobacco on its head by making kids dependent on nicotine. On Friday, federal health officials announced the number of possible severe lung illness cases tied to vaping liquids had more than doubled to encompass more than 450 people in 33 states and the Virgin Islands. The outbreak is characterized by severe pneumonia symptoms, shortness of breath, coughing, fever, fatigue, and respiratory failure — sometimes severe enough to require artificial respiration — and has so far affected mostly young people. The reports all started from a handful of cases in two states, Wisconsin and Illinois, announced at the end of July. Five people have died. “While this investigation is ongoing, people should consider not using e-cigarette products,” the CDC’s Dana Meaney-Delman, said at a Friday briefing on the outbreak. As the case numbers zoomed up, the medical mystery behind the epidemic has deepened, with epidemiologists and doctors asking for patience. Unlike more recent outbreaks tied to bad lettuce or the influenza bug, the experts are starting from square one, said Mitch Zeller of the FDA's Center for Tobacco Products",science
"Senior year is begun. Is begun sounds cooler than the more normal has begun, because if you say it right, you sound like a lone surviving knight delivering dire news to a weary king on the brink of defeat, his limp hand raking his face with dread. The final breach is begun, your grace. The downfall of House Li is begun. I’m the king in that scenario, by the way, raking my face with dread. For senior year is begun. Sometimes I look way back to six months ago, during the halcyon days of junior year. How we pranced in the meadows after taking the PSAT: a practice run of the SAT, which in Playa Mesa, in California, in the United States of America, is widely used to gauge whether an early human is fit for entrance into an institution of higher learning. But the PSAT? A mere trial, we juniors sang. What counts not for shit, your grace! How we lazed in the sunlight, sharing jokes about that one reading comprehension passage about the experiment testing whether dogs found it easier to tip a bin (easier) for food or pull a rope (trickier). Based on the passage and results in Figure 4, were the dogs A) more likely to solve the rope task than the bin task? B) more frustrated by the rope task than the bin task? C) more likely to resent their human caregivers for being presented with such absurd tasks to begin with, I mean, just give us the food in a damn dog bowl like normal people? Or D) more likely to rake a paw over their face with dread? The answer was D. For come Score Day, I discovered I got a total of 1400 points out of a possible 1520, the 96th percentile. This earned me plenty of robust, spontaneous high fives from my friends, but to me they sounded like palms—ptt ptt ptt—slapping the sealed door of a crypt. The target was 1500. When I told Mom-n-Dad, they stared at me with pity and disbelief, like I was a little dead sparrow in the park. And Mom actually said this, for real: Don’t worry, we still love you. Mom has said the words I love you exactly two times in my life",reader
" ""I've never cancelled anything in my life,"" Winfrey told DeGeneres. ""I work when I'm sick."" She further revealed that she was also told not to fly for a month and had 18 vials of blood drawn for testing. Winfrey said: ""When I walked in and I was better, he thanked me three times for getting better and said: 'Can I have a hug?' I could tell that he was like: 'Not on my watch is this gonna happen.'"" In collaboration with WW (formerly Weight Watchers), Winfrey will be embarking on a nine-date tour around the US. The show is called Oprah's 2020 Vision: Your Life in Focus and begins in January. Oprah Winfrey is opening up about a serious health scare that's prompted her to go on tour to promote health and wellbeing. Speaking to Ellen DeGeneres, Winfrey revealed that she had recently been diagnosed with pneumonia after a trip overseas and had only gotten the all-clear the day before. Winfrey said that originally she thought she had a cold after landing back home, but a trip to the emergency room revealed that it was much more serious. Things went from bad to worse when Winfrey revealed that the antibiotics she'd been given weren't working, and when she returned to the hospital for a CT scan, she was told she needed to see a lung specialist. Winfrey knew things weren't looking good when she saw the doctor's face while he was examining her. ""He puts a stethoscope [to my chest] and I see the 'oh shit' face,"" she said. ""I can see it, he didn't hide it."" Under the doctor's orders, Winfrey ""cancelled everything"", something she's never done in the past because she usually continues to work when she's sick. A week later and finally starting to recover from the illness, Winfrey was once again reminded how serious the health scare had been when she revisited the doctor. Encouraging the audience to get their flu and pneumonia shots, Winfrey then revealed that her bout of illness had ""changed the way I look at wellness"". So much so that she's now going on tour to talk about it. You ",health
"WASHINGTON — A highly anticipated report issued Monday by the Justice Department’s Office of the Inspector General found that the FBI had sufficient basis to investigate Donald Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and didn’t embed a spy among his staff — a sharp rebuke of some of the president’s pet conspiracy theories. The 434-page report, “Review of Four FISA Applications and Other Aspects of the FBI’s Crossfire Hurricane Investigation,” which comes from the DOJ’s largely independent accountability office, contradicts the president and his Republican backers who claimed the report would find that the FBI overstepped its bounds when it opened an investigation in 2016 into whether Trump’s campaign staff members were working with Russians. “Opening the investigation was in compliance with FBI policies,” the report found, adding that it was “opened for an authorized investigative purpose and with sufficient factual predication.” And yet the investigation found many mistakes and possible criminal misconduct by a former FBI agent involved in seeking a warrant to eavesdrop on Trump’s staff, which will provide fodder for Republicans who have argued that the 2016 campaign probe was corrupt. “We found no evidence that the FBI attempted to place any [confidential human sources] within the Trump campaign, or task any [confidential human sources] to report on the Trump campaign,” the report found, while noting that the FBI did hold “several” meetings with “individuals affiliated with the Trump campaign, including a high-level campaign official who was not a subject of the investigation.” “We did not find documentary or testimonial evidence that political bias or improper motivation influenced the FBI’s decision to seek FISA authority on Carter Page,” said the report, which also noted that there wasn’t a satisfying explanation for the FBI’s missteps. Trump and other Republicans have long claimed the investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 election — including the inv",politics
"On Thursday, you’ll likely sit down with your loved ones to share a big Thanksgiving meal. It’s a day about coming together with those closest to you, eating lots of food, and taking stock of what’s most important in life. As you’re passing the gravy boat around the table, everyone will probably agree not to talk about politics. Someone will say that things have been so crazy these last few months. Let’s just relax. This, of course, will not happen. Maybe one or two glasses of wine into the meal, someone will bring up the impeachment and you will most likely find yourself trying to explain why something one of your aunts or uncles saw on Fox News recently is actually total bullshit. You will talk in circles as the boomers in the room refuse to admit their brains have been melted by Facebook chain letters. Chances are they will confidently talk about stuff related to the impeachment that you have never even heard of before and honestly don’t even know where to go to begin learning about it. Well, look no further. Here’s your Trump world SparkNotes. Good luck out there. This is the central conspiracy at the heart of the impeachment. It’s the nucleus everything else revolves around. Republican President Donald Trump has been pushing some form of this since his inauguration. He brought it up as recently as last weekend in a Fox News interview. Nearly every pro-Trump media outlet over the last three years has riffed off this. It has evolved into unquestionable fact on right-wing social media. It also goes against everything we know about the 2016 election interference. Twelve Russian nationals were indicted last year as part of former special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian election interference. They were accused of a “sustained effort"" to hack the Democratic National Committee’s email servers. All 12 are members of Russia’s military intelligence agency, the GRU, and believed to be those behind the ""Guccifer 2.0"" hacker persona that took credit for t",tech
"Showing no signs of backing down or even the slightest inclination to admit he was wrong, President Trump has insisted for five days straight that his false claim that Hurricane Dorian was set to smash into Alabama — contradicting forecasts from government meteorologists — was correct. But the president's relentless arguments and memes trying to prove himself right reached a tipping point Friday when the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the federal agency that oversees the National Weather Service, issued a statement from an unnamed spokesperson backing up the president's claim and casting doubt on a local weather service forecast office which had tried to reassure Alabama residents that despite the president's tweet, there would be ""no impacts"" from the hurricane felt in the southern state. (The local forecast office proved to be correct.) The NOAA statement said that information provided to the president and the public from Aug. 28 to Sept. 2 “demonstrated that tropical-storm-force winds from Hurricane Dorian could impact Alabama."" ""The Birmingham National Weather Service's Sunday morning tweet spoke in absolute terms that were inconsistent from the best forecast available at the time,"" it continued in support of Trump. The statement, and the agency's decision to step into a political fight at the expense of scientists at the National Weather Service office immediately sparked outrage among meteorologists across the country, who fear a dangerous politicization of an agency that is based on science. ""You don't want a hurricane to become a Democrat or Republican object,"" Brian McNoldy, a senior research associate at the University of Miami's Rosenstiel School, told BuzzFeed News. ""A hurricane doesn't care what political party you're affiliated with, and I really hope it doesn't turn into that."" For many meteorologists in the field, the NOAA statement was a clear political move by a federal science agency designed to appease the president's false clai",science
"Since its Palme d’Or–winning premiere at Cannes in May, Bong Joon-ho’s Parasite has blazed through the international festival circuit. The film, which arrives in US theaters today, has been hailed as a portrait of class warfare that trades in excoriating satire and violence. It is a tale of two families, living in present-day South Korea, twinned in their desires. Both want material comfort and security, and both know the difficulty of staying alive in the 21st century without a certain amount of money. The two families are separated by class, education, and a sizable hill. One is pretty rich, and one is pretty poor. By the end of the film, they end up destroying each other. But before the blood begins to pool, Parasite opens with all the humor and familiarity of a Danny Ocean heist. It features, like many entertaining films do, a band of underdogs on the brink of their first and greatest con. The Kims live in a basement apartment overrun by stinkbugs, where the foursome make a paltry wage by folding pizza boxes. Though the family is close, their lives are strained by certain subterranean indignities. They must crouch in a corner of the bathroom to get Wi-Fi. There is a neighborhood drunkard, whose favorite spot to urinate is the Kims’ street-level window. Ki-woo (Choi Woo-Shik), the entrepreneurial son, is exasperated by this state of affairs, but his parents (Song Kang-ho and Jang Hye-jin) are more resigned. They have cycled through a series of failed careers, and at each stumble, their abandonment by the Korean state has been made more and more complete. Yet a film that begins in a basement has only one direction in which to move: up. When Ki-woo lies his way into a gig as an English tutor for a wealthy family, the Kims begin their slow ascent out of destitution. Ki-woo’s employer, Mrs. Park (Jo Yeo-jeong), is a familiarly bourgeois type, the prim housewife who imagines unseen, malevolent forces besieging her privileges, and secretly thrills at any news of their ",reader
"Jokes aside, if some of the things in this list seemed familiar, you might want to look into ways to take care of yourself. So, here are some quick resources: Maybe you want to learn more about starting therapy, since pretty much everyone can benefit from talking to a professional. You can learn more about anxiety disorders here. Here are little ways to be less anxious in general and here are some self-care tips. And if you need to talk to someone immediately, the US National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 1-800-273-8255. A list of international suicide hotlines can be found here.",health
"The US ambassador to Denmark, Carla Sands, a donor to President Donald Trump’s first presidential campaign, has banned a NATO expert who has been critical of the president from speaking at an event in Copenhagen celebrating NATO’s 70th anniversary. Stanley Sloan, a visiting professor at Middlebury College, a fellow at the Atlantic Council, and a former CIA analyst, was abruptly disinvited from the event by the Danish Atlantic Council, which said the US Embassy had communicated its displeasure. Sloan tweeted that it was because of his “critical evaluation of Trump’s impact on transatlantic relations.” “[T]he Danish Atlantic Council via the official channels became instructed that Ambassador Carla Sands does not want presence at the Conference,” Lars Bangert Struwe, the head of the Danish Atlantic Council, which organized the event in cooperation with the US Embassy, wrote in an email to Sloan. Sands, who is a former actor and chiropractor and a board member of major California institutions, was confirmed to her post in 2017 after making contributions to Trump’s campaign and inauguration and, according to ProPublica, being recommended by Republican fundraiser Elliott Broidy. Her official Twitter account looks much like any other ambassador’s, while her personal account is often retweets of articles from far-right outlets like Breitbart and PragerU. “The US embassy demanded that he be removed as a speaker,” Struwe said in an email to BuzzFeed News. The State Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment. On Sunday, Struwe tweeted that the entire event had been canceled, saying that “the process has become too problematic.” The US Embassy in Denmark also issued a series of tweets Sunday trying to explain its move, saying Sloan’s last-minute invite “did not follow the same deliberative process of joint decision-making and agreement that we followed when recruiting all other speakers.” In the email to Sloan, Struwe wrote that the embassy’s actions were “",politics
"Amazon does not offer the ability to recognize faces in footage on its Ring doorbell cameras. But just one month after police in Chandler, Arizona, received 25 surveillance cameras for free from the company, the department's then–assistant chief discussed using its own facial recognition technology on Ring footage at a meeting of the International Association of Chiefs of Police, according to his slideshow obtained in a public records request. In an April presentation titled “Leveraging Consumer Surveillance Systems,” Jason Zdilla discussed various consumer surveillance devices and platforms. Examples cited in the presentation included Ring cameras and the Neighbors app. The Chandler Police Department is one of the over 600 police departments that have signed a contract with Ring. In the contract, Chandler police “encourage” residents to use Ring products in exchange for access to the company’s Law Enforcement Portal, which allows officials to request camera footage from residents without receiving a warrant first. Zdilla signed the contract on behalf of the department as assistant chief of police in February, about two months before he made the presentation. Now a corporate services security manager for Intel, Zdilla declined to comment. The Chandler Police Department told BuzzFeed News that it has access to facial recognition technology through the Arizona Counter Terrorism Information Center. It said it does not currently use it. A department representative said that the slide about facial recognition focused on when it is legal or socially acceptable to use facial recognition for analyzing consumer surveillance footage. “This was a thought-provoking slide for each agency in attendance to consider … what are the laws, perception and community expectations for using technology,” the representative said. “Ring does not use facial recognition technology,” a Ring spokesperson said. “Privacy is of the utmost importance to us, and any features we do develop will includ",tech
"A nationwide epidemic of severe lung injuries tied to vaping now encompasses 450 reported cases, and at least five deaths in 33 states, health officials reported Friday. “While this investigation is ongoing, people should consider not using e-cigarettes,” said CDC’s Dana Meaney-Delman during a briefing on the outbreak, in which agency officials discussed three deaths. A “chemical agent” in vaping liquids is seen as the most likely culprit in the cases, she suggested, responsible for causing the lung injuries. State health agencies reported more deaths in the multi-state outbreak on Friday, bringing the total to five. Minnesota announced the death of a THC-vaping 65-year-old patient, a fourth case, soon after the CDC briefing, and Los Angeles County reported investigation of a fifth such death later on Friday afternoon. The first death reported in the outbreak was announced only last month by Illinois health officials. The Oregon Health Authority had announced the second one on Wednesday, and Indiana’s public health agency had announced a third death in the outbreak, of an adult, on Thursday. The Oregon patient had died in July after vaping “cannabis purchased from a cannabis dispensary,” according to the state agency. The fast-moving outbreak also led Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer to ban flavored e-cigarettes this week. Federal health officials said that no one ingredient in over 100 vaping liquids tested stands out definitively as the culprit for the cases. On Thursday, the New York Department of Health reported that vitamin E acetate, an oily chemical found in some foods and lotions, was “now a key focus” of its investigation of cases after it turned up in at least one vape liquid that each of 34 patients seen by the agency has used. That investigation has been linked to the FDA’s testing efforts, with Meaney-Delman cautioning that multiple ingredients vaporized in e-cigarettes may bear some responsibility for the lung injuries. Daniel Fox of WakeMed Health & Hos",science
"Last weekend, Ellen DeGeneres and former president George W. Bush were photographed laughing together in the owner’s suite at a Dallas Cowboys game. In reaction to mounting social media criticism that she was palling around with a “homophobic bigot” who’s “committed war crimes,” Ellen shared a video of a monologue she delivered during her talk show on Monday. ""A lot of people were mad,” she explained, “and they did what people do when they're mad: They tweet.” Ellen went on to say that she and Bush are friends. “In fact, I'm friends with a lot of people who don't share the same beliefs that I have,” she added. “We're all different, and I think we've forgotten that that's OK that we're all different.” She likened her political differences (as a “gay Hollywood liberal”) with the Republican ex-president to the fact that she, unlike him, is a Packers fan. “Just because I don't agree with someone on everything doesn't mean that I am not going to be friends with them. When I say ‘Be kind to one another,’ I don't mean only the people that think the same way you do. I mean be kind to everyone."" The line was met with applause when Ellen delivered it onstage; when she posted the video clip to her Instagram, she earned more praise and gratitude from many of her fellow celebrities. “Exactly,” Reese Witherspoon commented, adding a bull’s-eye emoji. “Soooo needed and necessary,” said Jamie Foxx. Here was Jennifer Garner: “Ellen! You are amazing! ♥.” Kendall Jenner, Snooki, Lenny Kravitz — the 1 percent of the 1 percent were closing ranks. Jameela Jamil was initially into it until her followers encouraged her to learn a little more about Bush’s policies; as of last night it appears that Witherspoon has also walked back her support, since she’s deleted her pro-Ellen tweet. (Maybe they realized the Dixie Chicks deserve better.) Ardent celebrity activist Mark Ruffalo stood apart as one of the few big names to unequivocally declare that “until George W. Bush is brought to justice for ",reader
"Fine said, ""The reason we recommend against honey is because it can be contaminated with botulism spores. Older children and adults are able to handle something like that, but it can make a younger infant very sick. The overall risk is low, but it's not a chance we take."" Fine added that when you're introducing other foods to babies, it's all about making sure the food is not a choking hazard. This is to prevent suffocation. Fine said if parents are concerned about the temperature, they should put their baby in a fleece sleeper. This practice is also to lower the risk of SIDS (sudden infant death syndrome). Fine said the greatest risk period for SIDS is between 2 and 4 months of age. ""If a baby has an autopsy and exam of the environment and there's no other reason found for the infant's death, then it is SIDS. You may have a vulnerable infant, there may be genetic factors, or — for whatever reason — a baby may be more prone to having apnea while they are sleeping. But there seems to be some environmental factors that play into it as well. So to prevent it from happening, we recommend placing infants on a firm, flat surface without any surrounding pillows or blankets."" ""Since [the start of] the Back to Sleep campaign, parents have been laying their babies on their backs, and we've seen a significant decrease in sudden infant death syndrome. Babies do sleep better on their stomachs, but that is part of the problem,"" said Fine. Fine said this reason is related to overall gut maturity. ""If you're giving cow's milk rather than breast milk or formula, the composition is slightly different, so you're probably putting your baby at a higher risk for iron deficiency, anemia, and things like that."" As babies transition to solid foods, however, parents can give things like whole-milk yogurt, just as long as the baby isn't drinking a whole bunch of cow's milk. ""Babies aren't able to process free water, so if they are given enough water, it can cause problems with the amount of s",health
"DECORAH, Iowa — Joe Biden vehemently defended how he handles criticisms of his son Hunter Biden’s work in Ukraine on Friday night, one day after he got into a heated exchange with a man who asked him at a campaign event about his role in his son’s work. “Every time I've been asked about it, my response has been, ‘This is about Donald Trump, period, period, period,” the former vice president told reporters aboard his campaign bus in Iowa on Friday night when asked about his answers to questions about his son. When a reporter pointed out that was not how Biden responded to a question about his son from an older man Thursday, he said the questioner “lied.” “He said I went out of my way to get my son the job. No one has ever said that. It is not true and I never did,” Biden said. “My son speaks for himself. He's a 47-year-old man. He didn't do anything wrong.” Joe Biden had a tense back-and-forth with the man at a campaign stop Thursday after the man said Biden was “too old” to be president and questioned him about Hunter Biden’s involvement in Ukraine, saying the former vice president “sent” his son there. Joe Biden called the man a “damn liar” and challenged him to an IQ test or pushup contest. At one point, Biden appeared to call the man “fat,” something the former vice president later denied. The man in part set Biden off by insinuating that he and his son had acted inappropriately in Ukraine. Hunter Biden was on the board of the gas company Burisma, and he’s been the focus of President Donald Trump’s efforts through his personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani to dig up dirt on Joe Biden. Those efforts are now central to Congress’s impeachment inquiry into the president. There’s no evidence that the former vice president acted inappropriately, and Hunter Biden recently acknowledged that serving on the board was “poor judgment” but that he “did nothing wrong at all.” Joe Biden referred back to those remarks by his son during a roughly 20-minute, wide-ranging conversation with ",politics
"For Facebook, last cycle’s liabilities are this cycle’s selling points. Seeking to regain trust after the 2016 election, Facebook stood before political marketers last week with a new message: We’re paying attention this time. The company gathered more than 100 political operatives at the Long View Gallery in Washington, DC, last Thursday night, seeking to diminish concerns that Facebook had become a high-risk place to conduct political activity. Over the past two and a half years, the tech giant said, it’s taken measures to avoid a repeat of its past nightmares. By the time the evening was over, there was little doubt that Facebook's pitch to political marketers is now all about safety. “We’ve learned lessons from 2016, and have seen threats evolve, ensuring that our defenses stay ahead of those efforts, making it harder to use our platform for election interference,” the company said in a marketing handout obtained by BuzzFeed News. Facebook seems to have scrapped its traditional pitch to political marketers, which emphasized its ability to reach and persuade voters with targeted messaging. For instance: A case study on how former Florida governor Rick Scott used Facebook for marketing, since buried on the company’s website, took credit for tipping an election: “Its message reached 62% of the target audience,” the study said, “bringing in more Hispanic votes and working as a deciding factor in Scott’s re-election.” Instead, the company is now emphasizing its technology to prevent voter suppression, its use of artificial intelligence to stop fake account creation, and its teams that go after bad actors. “While it was a very interesting presentation, it felt very ‘face-saving’ in the shadow of Google's recent changes to their targeting practices,” one person in attendance told BuzzFeed News. “Facebook said that they had nothing new to announce at this reception, and at the present time they had no plans to change the targeting system for Facebook ads.” Facebook did ",tech
"APUÍ, Brazil — Melk Alcântara had just come home and turned on the news when he saw the president suggesting he was responsible for the Amazon being on fire. It was Aug. 21, and there had been more fires in the municipality of Apuí, in the state of Amazonas, than anywhere else in the entire rainforest. Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro responded by telling the world that NGOs might be setting fires deliberately in order to make him look bad, despite a total lack of evidence. ""It could be, I'm not saying it was, a criminal action by these NGO guys,"" Bolsonaro said, blaming NGO employees like Alcântara, who are, in fact, actively working to prevent fires and deforestation. Alcântara, 25, was deeply offended. “We work damn hard,” he told BuzzFeed News. “[Bolsonaro] made an accusation generalizing about all NGOs. Idesam has its work recognized here in Apuí,” said Alcântara, referring to the NGO he has worked for over the last five years since graduating as a forestry technician. According to Brazil’s National Institute for Space Research (INPE), there have been 93,947 fires recorded in the Amazon so far this year. During the same period in 2018, there were 57,968. The sharp rise in fires has triggered global alarm over the environmental impact, as well as a crisis for the Bolsonaro administration, which strongly advocated the development of agribusiness and gold or cassiterite ore exploration in the Amazon. Alcântara was born in Apuí. His parents were farmers who came to the south of Amazonas in the 1980s, encouraged by the government to populate the Amazon and develop agriculture. His parents eventually gave up the land, and Alcântara became a forestry technician to work toward sustainable development in the Amazon. Five years ago, he joined the Institute for Conservation and Sustainable Development of the Amazon (Idesam) as an intern and never left. Six other people work at the offices of Idesam, which has been operating in Apuí for over 10 years and partners with in",science
"My first forest fire was a mushroom cloud blooming in the rearview mirror of a pickup truck. The driver, a ranger named Joe, was unfazed. The US Forest Service named it the Two Bulls fire, the inaugural spark of the summer of 2014, burning an area of Oregon forest about half the size of Manhattan. That season, 98 fires across the Pacific Northwest incinerated the equivalent of 90 Manhattans. Joe ended up being right — Two Bulls was barely a campfire. I had felt out of my element a few days before, when I was on that thankfully unburned New York City island, graduating from college, surrounded by classmates off to their associate positions at Goldman Sachs and McKinsey. Now, sitting shotgun in a Chevy Silverado in my knockoff Carhartts, I had never felt more like an imposter. Still, there was literally no turning back, despite Joe’s assurances that what looked to me like an atomic explosion in the opposite direction was “not a big deal.” I was a backcountry trail worker for the Deschutes National Forest, reporting for training. We continued down US Route 20 through the muted landscape of ponderosa pines. We were headed to the Allingham Guard Station, a campground along the Metolius River about 40 miles outside of Bend, Oregon, where a hundred Deschutes Forest Service employees and volunteers would be trained on everything from building a rock retaining wall to felling a tree in such a way that it doesn’t flatten you. Normally, Allingham was a comic con for forestry nerds: Crosscut saw collectors would debate the merits of M tooth and Great American tooth models; SWAT — Sawyers With Attitude, a volunteer crew of septuagenarians who spend their retirement clearing downed trees — would teach new volunteers how to properly break down logs; long-distance backpackers would mill about the campfire, trading stories of hiking the Pacific Crest or Continental Divide trails. This training had a rarified air, though. It was 2014, the 50th anniversary of the 1964 Wilderness Act, ",reader
"Ya know, just for the jaw pain, pressure, headaches, back pain, neck pain, etc.!!!!!!! (Rapid Relief is your fave!!!!!) If you have TMJ, you DEFINITELY have a big ol' bottle of painkiller as your designated Purse Advil™. Your jaw ALWAYS!!!!! POPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Like so: Certain, uh...GIRTHIER foods just don't work well for you. Same goes for certain ~other things~: You sleep with a night guard so you don't grind your teeth, and you look FINE 👏 AS 👏 HELL 👏 in it!!!!!!!!!!! Howevz, you have chewed through quite a few. :///// Like, you're constantly amazed at your jaw's f*cking Hulk-like strength while you're sleeping!!!!!! Because of all the grinding, your teeth are sensitive — and I'm talking SEEEEEEEEEEEENSITIVE. So you swear by Sensodyne toothpaste!!!!!!! You hold foods you don't have to chew in high regard. And you just wish that a chiropractor or whoever would massage and realign your jaw like THIS!!!!!!!!!!! Despite supposedly knowing about TMJ, dentists still don't seem to get that WE 👏 CANNOT 👏 OPEN 👏 OUR 👏 MOUTHS 👏 WIDER. 👏 You've considered trying Botox, acupuncture, and other procedures done to relieve your TMJ symptoms. You've documented your TMJ struggles online for your fans: And there have DEFINITELY been a couple times where people have expressed ~interest~ in you, but at........inopportune times. So, in conclusion: And most importantly, this:",health
"Pete Buttigieg — whose work a decade ago at the elite global consulting firm McKinsey & Company has been a secret to voters he’s courting in his surprisingly strong run for president — shared limited details about his duties there in a late-Friday statement from his campaign. The release did not disclose the names of clients, a step many have been calling on him to take. But Buttigieg explicitly and publicly asked McKinsey to release him from a nondisclosure agreement. “Much of my work at McKinsey, including the names of clients served, is covered under a confidentiality agreement that I signed when I joined the firm,” Buttigieg said. “In June, my campaign inquired about the scope of this confidentiality agreement. Last month, my campaign reached out again, not only about the scope of the agreement, but also with a request to be released from the confidentiality agreement in full, given the importance of transparency for presidential candidates. To date, the company has not agreed.” Buttigieg’s request to be released from the NDA was first reported by BuzzFeed News. ""I understand why some are calling on me to break the agreement. But, it's important to me to keep my word and commitments,” Buttigieg said in the statement, adding that he asks “McKinsey to do the right thing in the name of transparency” and release the names of the clients he worked on behalf of. He said he had decided to release a ""summary"" of his work at the company ""to add as much clarity as possible to my record."" The limited disclosure followed several weeks of scrutiny for Buttigieg over how little he had revealed about his time at McKinsey. In recent days, Buttigieg’s campaign had reemphasized his desire to be freed of disclosure restrictions, with a noticeably increasing sense of urgency. On Thursday, a New York Times editorial called the secrecy surrounding Buttigieg’s career at the firm “untenable,” saying the candidate “must find a way to give voters a more complete accounting of his time at",politics
"It took exactly 2 minutes and 27 seconds for Elon Musk to go from bragging about his newest car to uttering “Oh my fucking god.” On Thursday, the Tesla CEO unveiled his latest vehicle, the Cybertruck, at a flashy Los Angeles event that was part Apple iPhone reveal, part Blade Runner. It was, like every Tesla presentation, done on its chief’s terms, with whooping fanboys, flashing cameras, and a halting, cutesy android hologram that introduced the car’s “creator,” Musk. The unveil seemed to be going to plan until Musk and his chief designer decided for kicks that they’d throw a metal ball at the car’s driver-side window. And holy hell, it was not worth it, according to a video I've watched approximately 37 times. Musk has spent much of the last 12 months trying to recover from fights with investors, employees, and random people on Twitter. What he needed was an event where a prototype vehicle could be celebrated. What he got was an occasion that will be remembered as the time Tesla’s CEO sabotaged his own car on stage, not once, but twice. So what the hell happened? The hammer is put away, and Musk makes a pronouncement on stage that seems scripted by Icarus. “You want a truck that’s really tough, not fake tough,” he says. “You want a truck you can take a sledgehammer to, a truck that won’t scratch, doesn’t dent. What else can we do with this truck?” [Narrator: Lol.] Then von Holzhausen returns. Fuckin' Franz. He drops the metal ball on the floor just so everyone knows he’s got a fucking metal ball, picks it back up, and walks by Musk. “Franz, could you try to break this glass, please?” the boss beckons. Don’t fuck with von Holzhausen. Right before he pitches his off-speed curve, von Holzhausen asks ""You sure?"" much like the kid who tells their older brother what they're about to do will definitely get them grounded for a month. Musk gives a ""yeah"" and von Holzhausen, unable to act against his better judgment, goes into a half-hearted windup and lets fly. The glass s",tech
"In July, Tommaso Boggia, a climate activist turned programmer, swiped to the Google Discover tab on his phone to scan the headlines the company had algorithmically selected for him. He was shocked to find a climate change denial website prominently featured in his feed. The next day, it happened again. Boggia didn’t click on the link — which led to a blog post titled “Bipartisan Panel of Scientists Confirms Humans are NOT Responsible for Past 20,000 Years of Global Warming” — but he did screenshot it, peeved that Google’s algorithms were promoting content that disputes our current climate crisis. Discover promises to “surface relevant content to you,” so why was it showing him articles disputing the overwhelming scientific consensus on human-caused global warming? Boggia was not alone. BuzzFeed News spoke to eight people who said they received climate change denial articles on Discover, a feed of content tailored to individual users that appears as a dedicated tab on Google phones, on the Google search app, and on the Google mobile homepage. All these individuals — who were either interested in climate change or held environmental jobs — questioned why Google was uncovering and promoting content from such sources, which ranged from an anti–climate change lobbyist’s website to a personal blog espousing the “global warming hypocrisy.” In recent months, Google has faced mounting criticism from the public and lawmakers for its role in spreading misinformation, including flat Earth conspiracies and anti-vaccination videos, and for the lack of transparency around the algorithms that prioritize that content. And while the company has taken steps to combat conspiracies and bogus science on its properties, including YouTube, its active pushing of climate change denialism on Discover concerns climate researchers, who believe the search and advertising giant has a duty to prevent the spread of false information. “Google is aiding and abetting the promulgation of climate scienc",science
"Dear Caitlin, Congratulations on getting into college! What a privilege. Not to say you didn’t do your part to make it here. (High school yearbooks don’t edit themselves!) Many good and many terrible things will happen to you on this well-pruned, high-fenced campus. Keep in mind that the most disturbing and bewildering moments will make you— me!—a stronger Older Caitlin. Let’s not spend too much time discussing academics. You’ll do just fine. So much reading awaits you, a bibliophile’s dream. Your sociology courses will impart a necessary anger towards society’s inequities, and you’ll find much to rage against outside the classroom as well. You, my West Coast public school–raised duckling, should earn study-abroad credit for navigating the social waters of an all-but-Ivy-League pond of wealthy, New England boarding school alums. Your year in Madrid will be less of a culture shock. I know you’re currently eying the legacy students and considering converting to their aesthetic. Don’t waste your time. Pink and green don’t pair. Salmon-red pants and those tiny embroidered elephants are atrocities. Stick to your initial reaction: no one should get to wear such ’80s-throwback frivolities without being pickpocketed. Besides, your true uniform will develop soon enough: more dog collars than pearl necklaces, a show of allegiance to the worldwide queer mafia rather than to someone’s grandparents’ country club. Any minute now you’ll hear about a party at one of the oldest frats on campus—founded in 1850! Designated a national historic landmark in 1985! The party will be called “Anything for Money.” This is how your classmates will meet their future spouses, but no house in the Hamptons awaits you for starring in some rich boy’s Girls Gone Wild–style cell phone video. Stay in and study your sociology. There will be incidents during these years that I won’t make light of in this letter. You are entering a four-year struggle to maintain bodily autonomy. There will be young men wh",reader
Note: Not all submissions are from Community users. —victoriaw4655ab1fc —bexstasy —amandaj41c1eea46 —kaylayandoli —melanien4476cc50f —austinallie —sarahschochet We asked the BuzzFeed Community to send us the funniest tweet they've ever seen about therapy. Here are the amazing results.,health
"WASHINGTON — As the House works toward impeaching President Donald Trump, Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said Vice President Mike Pence and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo have been implicated and should be held accountable. “It looks like from the evidence it’s entirely possible and likely that Mike Pence is at the very least complicit in a crime,” Ocasio-Cortez told BuzzFeed News. “And if not a crime, a violation of his very oath as vice president.” “I don’t think that either of them are fit to serve in public office — ever again,” she added, referring to both Pence and Pompeo. The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Last month during Intelligence hearings, Gordon Sondland, the US ambassador to the European Union, testified that Pompeo, Pence, and acting White House chief of staff Mick Mulvaney were updated on the president’s efforts to press Ukraine to investigate a political rival and his family, in exchange for military aid. The Democrats’ case against Trump, released earlier this week, states explicitly that Pence, Pompeo, and other US officials were also “either knowledgeable of or active participants” in the effort. “I think that this has tanked and tagged Mike Pence — the same thing for Mike Pompeo. I think that this will follow them for their political careers,” Ocasio-Cortez said. The first-year member of Congress, who came out in favor of impeachment in April this year, said the hearings over the past few weeks showed the extent of the corruption at play and said that Attorney General Bill Barr was also implicated. “Barr, as well, is implicated in all of this and it entirely seems that they are continuing to pursue this pattern [of corruption],” she said. In the July 25 call at the center of the impeachment inquiry, Trump told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelens",politics
"Google and Twitter are applying pressure to Facebook in a big way. In the last three weeks — as the Iowa caucus looms just months away — both platforms have restricted political advertising on their services. Now, after standing by its policies, Facebook’s advertising brain trust is huddling to consider changes to its rules on political advertising, including ad targeting restrictions of its own. In a statement to BuzzFeed News provided before Google made its announcement, a Facebook spokesperson was definitive: “Nothing is off the table.” Political advertising professionals and tech industry sources said Google’s move — which limits political ad targeting criteria to age, gender, zip code, and context — puts the onus on Facebook to act. Many worried it would push Facebook to roll out draconian restrictions, hampering their ability to get their message across on what they said was the most important online advertising platform. “Twitter fired the starting gun. Google put the weight of the ocean on them,” Eric Wilson, a Republican digital strategist, told BuzzFeed News. “The pressure is really on Facebook to do something, to make a change. I hope they make a good, informed choice.” Facebook did not respond to a request for comment. Jenna Golden, a former Twitter employee and now the president of Golden Strategies, a political advertising consultancy that works with news publishers, expressed a similar sentiment. “No doubt it puts pressure on Facebook,” she told BuzzFeed News, “but Facebook has generally taken a more hands-off approach than other platforms throughout this process.” Should Facebook follow Google’s lead, Golden said, the impact would be substantial — and “catastrophic for candidates and causes.” She added: “Facebook is ground zero for cultivating a following, courting donors, and moving political programs forward. The industry spends the majority of their digital budgets on Facebook, and limiting targeting or cutting off these capabilities could cripple",tech
"The bare minimum of what Democratic presidential candidates want to do to address climate change has radically shifted from the last presidential election. Over a seven-hour CNN town hall on Wednesday, and cumulatively more than 100 pages of policy ideas, the top candidates for the Democratic nomination are each pushing for more sweeping change at a faster rate than Democrats were calling for even just a few months ago. Every leading Democratic presidential candidate has vowed to ensure the US is in the Paris climate agreement, reversing one of President Donald Trump’s most popular promises undercutting climate action. But as New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker put it near midnight Wednesday, making this commitment now is simply “the cost of entry into the race.” At a minimum, every top Democratic candidate now has at least one multipage climate plan — Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren has several — with the main goal of transitioning the US economy to run on clean energy sources, not fossil fuels, and produce net-zero emissions by 2050 at the latest. This means that every top Democratic candidate has committed to making the US, in only a few decades, only generate as many emissions as it can pull from the atmosphere. The fact that every candidate has a 100% clean energy or net-zero target was a consistent through line the unprecedented climate town hall. “That’s a big shift,” Nathaniel Keohane, senior vice president of climate at Environmental Defense Fund, told BuzzFeed News. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in 2016, pledged to “put the country on a path to cut emissions more than 80 percent by 2050.” Under that scenario, the US would still release more emissions on the whole by mid-century. Of the 10 Democrats who qualified for this week’s town hall, most only released their climate plans in recent days. Candidates found unique ways to stand out aside from just their policy specifics. Sen. Kamala Harris implored her Republican colleagues in Congress to “look at ",science
"Historical fiction writer Kim Michele Richardson was surprised when she learned in March that English author Jojo Moyes, most famous for her bestselling Me Before You romance trilogy, would be publishing The Giver of Stars, a historical novel about the real-life Pack Horse Library project in Kentucky, on Oct. 8. Why? Because Richardson’s novel The Book Woman of Troublesome Creek, which focuses on imagined characters in the same real-life historical setting, was set to be published in May 2019. “I could only hope there was more than enough room for more than one” novel on the topic, Richardson said in an interview with BuzzFeed News. She became concerned, however, when a blogger who had received an advance review copy of Moyes’ book alerted Richardson in April to what she believed were unusually specific similarities between the two novels; at least one bookseller has also referenced the apparent overlap in a tweet. “History is not proprietorial,” Richardson said. But “the disturbing similarities found in Moyes' book are too many and too specific and quite puzzling,” she added in an email. “None of the similarities found in Moyes' novel can be chalked up to the realities of history, nor can be found in any historical records, archives or photographs of the packhorse librarian project initiative that I meticulously studied. These fictional devices/ plot points were ones I invented.” A spokesperson for Moyes’ publisher Pamela Dorman Books, an imprint of Penguin Random House, told BuzzFeed News in an email, “The Giver of Stars by Jojo Moyes is a wholly original work. It is a deeply researched piece of historical fiction based on the true story of the Pack Horse Librarians of Kentucky. We have absolute confidence in the integrity of Jojo Moyes and her work. Neither the author nor anyone at Pamela Dorman Books has ever read The Book Woman of Troublesome Creek.” Moyes was not available for comment; the representative cited her ""packed schedule."" Both books are historical f",reader
"Obviously everyone's bodies and experiences are different, but here's what helped people see real results. ""It's been about three years since I first got my Fitbit, and I've lost nearly 90 pounds. I honestly wouldn’t be where I am today without it. It taught me about calorie counting, exercise, and overall wellness. It also helped me set achievable goals for myself. I'm so proud of the determination I've shown. If you’re not in it for the right reasons, and if you aren’t dedicated, then you won’t lose weight, get healthy, or achieve your goals."" —oliviawann6 Get it from Amazon for $139.99 (available in graphite/black and rose gold/blue grey). ""I lost 60 pounds since February of 2017, and 50 of those were lost in the first 10 months. The biggest change was about investing in my mental health. Hot yoga is my tool that has helped me love myself deep down, and the weight loss came secondary to my newfound peace. I made drinking a healthy amount of water a daily priority. It may sound weird, but using fun and pretty reusable water bottles reealllllllly helped with this goal!"" —ebb2 Get it from Amazon for $13.95+ (available 17 or 25 oz and 27 styles). ""Wireless headphones are a must for me. I got into working out by starting small and walking whenever I could. Then I moved up to jogging, then running when I got more comfortable. Having my music and podcasts really helped me stick to it."" —weasel7092 Get them from Amazon for $39.99. ""I wore this shirt two days in a row for two very intense workouts because it fit really well on my body (which isn't always the case) and I wanted to show it off. Even though I was drenched in sweat both times, the shirt dried super quickly and didn't smell at all. I've since washed it, though. Don't worry."" —spenceralthouse Get one on Rhone's site for $68 (available in sizes S–XXL and six colors). ""I’ve always been really thin and a good runner, but I wanted to get more confident, work the rest of my body, and tone up. Resistance bands were t",health
"CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa — Joe Biden’s tense confrontation with a voter in Iowa on Thursday was all over cable news Friday morning, with rampant criticism over how the former vice president was quick to challenge an elderly man to a push-up contest or an IQ test after he'd questioned Biden about his age and his son Hunter. Biden’s fans in Iowa say they saw the conflict and mostly liked the way he'd handled it. “I was glad to see him confront the lies yesterday in New Hampton. I was glad to see Nancy Pelosi stand up to the guy asking about hating Trump. It’s way past time for the Democrats to stand up and call out the bull, or as Joe says, the malarkey,” said supporter Randy Hahn, 68, at Biden's event on Friday morning in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. But, Hahn said, “He needs to be a little bit more tactful. He needs to have his answer there. It’s just a smear campaign.” One voter, Terry Lessmeier, said he thought Biden's behavior was ""kind of endearing."" ""He shouldn’t have called him a damn liar, but everything else he said was exactly right,"" Lessmeier said. He added that he thought Biden ""can lose that push-up thing."" Biden seemed to agree in quick comments to reporters after the Friday event: “I probably shouldn’t have challenged him to push-ups.” About a dozen voters at the event who said they have either firmly or nearly decided to vote for Biden told BuzzFeed News they approved of how the former vice president responded to the criticisms, which included the man saying that Biden was too old to be president and that he was concerned about what he had heard about Joe's and Hunter Biden’s business dealings in Ukraine. The allegation that Joe Biden had acted improperly in Ukraine is being forcefully pushed by President Donald Trump and his allies, and it is now at the heart of the impeachment investigation. There is no evidence to show that it is true. The event Friday was intended as a celebratory rollout of former secretary of state John Kerry’s endorsement for Biden; but even",politics
"Halls Head Cricket Club, an amateur sporting organisation based in the city of Mandurah on Australia's west coast, had been pretty inactive on Twitter since making an account in 2012. That is, until a week ago, when the account fired off a number of tweets in quick succession, sharing content seemingly related to the terrorist group ISIS. The account @hallsheadcc bore the cricket club's logo, and the bio boasted of the club's 14 A-Grade premierships, as well as six in B-Grade and two in C-Grade. But it was quickly suspended after the dozens of tweets posted on Nov. 14. The tweets — which are no longer available on Twitter's website, but are viewable through the Internet Archive's Wayback Machine — contain what appears to be ISIS-related videos posted alongside hashtags in Arabic, most of them completely unrelated to the terrorist group. Halls Head Cricket Club president Ash Wyborn was unaware the account had been suspended when contacted by BuzzFeed News. ""I'm pretty shocked to be honest,"" Wyborn said. ""I don't know what to think. My first thought would be, why would anyone hack a cricket club's Twitter that has no followers?"" Wyborn said he has rarely used the Twitter account since creating it a number of years ago, and was unable to access it when requested by BuzzFeed News. ""We're mostly active on Facebook and Instagram,"" said Wyborn. The club's Facebook and Instagram profiles are still active and do not contain ISIS content. The tweets, along with a number of similar tweets from other Twitter accounts, were found by Eric Feinberg, who is the founder of the Global Intellectual Property Enforcement Centre. Feinberg said he had noticed a number of seemingly hijacked accounts suddenly posting ISIS content in the past 10 days. ""We found these hacked [accounts] by tracking hashtags in Arabic used by ISIS. These include Islamic Country, al-Baghdadi, Syria, Iraq,"" Feinberg told BuzzFeed News. According to an independent translation of a sample of the tweets, the hashtag",tech
"There have been more than 90,000 fires throughout the Amazon rainforest in 2019, according to Brazil’s National Institute for Space Research (INPE). In August, smoke from the burns blackened the sky in cities as distant as São Paulo and caught the world’s attention. A spike in deforestation is in part to blame, as farmers have cleared land for livestock, cultivation, and development, encouraged by Brazil’s far-right president, Jair Bolsonaro, and his campaign promises. The number of fires observed in the rainforest have been trending downward after the early 2000s, when deforestation was rampant. But 2019 has seen more fires compared to recent years, and August saw a spike ahead of the annual season when fires are typically more frequent: The state of Amazonas had 11,412 fires in August alone, compared to 16,587 in all of 2018. Across the Amazon overall last month, there were more than 66,000 fires, according to NASA. Using data from NASA’s FIRMS Fire Map, BuzzFeed News partnered with Lo Bénichou, an interactive developer at Mapbox, to visualize the number and scale of the fires throughout Brazil in August. Lo Bénichou from Mapbox contributed reporting and editorial production to the article. ",science
"In the morning my eyes were sore, it was bright outside, a fresh day. I wanted to relish being released from the clenched jaws of the case. I would fill my Friday with slowness and sun. I was going to ride my bike down to the salt marshes to see the white herons. I would buy a milkshake from the creamery. I would go for a swim. At that moment in time, that was the entirety of my life’s plans. But my phone was cluttered with missed calls and messages. Katie J.M. Baker was waiting for my permission to release the statement on BuzzFeed. None of the coverage of my case had given me reason to think a reporter would have my best interests at heart. But Katie had handled these kinds of cases before, and I felt so worn out, and the statement seemed of such little consequence, that I didn’t care much where it ended up, as long as my name wasn’t on it. I sat in bed saying hellooooo to clear my morning voice away, then called her. She sounded excited, effusive and kind. I told her they were free to cut whatever they wanted. She said the editors weren’t going to touch it. This struck me as strange; I knew there were too many pages, run-on sentences, misplaced commas. Instead, she asked if there was anything I’d like to add. I told her, I want the judge to know that he ignited a tiny fire. The statement went up at 4:00 p.m. that afternoon. At the top of the article was a red rectangle calling out sentences from the statement in white lettering. Powerful formatting. But looking at it was like standing in an empty auditorium decorated with crepe streamers, worried nobody would show up. I couldn’t stand it. I shut my computer, went to the kitchen. I took the plastic ice-cube trays out of the freezer, popped ice cubes out into my cup. I wished for a silver refrigerator with dispensers from which ice effortlessly tumbled out. Those were the mundane things I wanted to go the rest of my life thinking about. I returned to the article; in the upper-left corner, there was a counter. In tw",reader
,health
"House Republicans will introduce a bill Friday that attempts to do the historically impossible: broker a national compromise between the LGBTQ movement and religious right. But while sponsors want to create common ground, the only real agreement may be that both sides refuse to budge. A draft of the 69-page piece of legislation obtained by BuzzFeed News would amend the Civil Rights Act of 1964 with dozens of provisions that, on the one hand, explicitly ban anti-LGBTQ discrimination for the first time nationally in places of public accommodation, workplaces, housing, and banking. It would also protect people on the basis of sex in public places, a protection that was omitted from the five-decade-old antidiscrimination law. On the other hand, the bill presents a toolbox of new exemptions that religious conservatives may embrace: such as allowing businesses with 15 employees or fewer to discriminate against LGBTQ customers. The bill would also allow certain religious corporations to discriminate against LGBTQ workers, let staff openly raise opinions about marriage among their colleagues, and create a certificate system for private adoption agencies to receive federal tax dollars while turning away LGBTQ parents. “We realize there will be some people who are dissatisfied,” Republican Rep. Chris Stewart of Utah, the bill’s lead sponsor, told BuzzFeed News, adding that “at least we put something on the table that we agree on.” It’s unclear, however, how much agreement there will be. The measure has endorsements from the Mormon Church and several moderate evangelical groups; it had about 10 cosponsors in the House as of Thursday, none Democrat, though more cosponsors are expected. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which backed a similar deal in Utah, said the bargain will “preserve religious freedom and protect LGBT individuals from discrimination,” issuing a statement that declares it a “balanced approach that fosters greater fairness for all.” But it lacks",politics
"Jessica — not her real name — has spent well over $15,000 on Amazon this year, buying everything from Halloween decorations to a queen-size inflatable mattress. She's purchased over 700 products, including three vacuum cleaners, six desk chairs, and no fewer than 26 pairs of earbuds. And even though most of the products are cheaply made, she’s given each a 5-star review. The twentysomething who lives on the East Coast isn’t a bad judge of quality — the companies that sell these products on Amazon reimburse her for the purchases. Although the loot may be free to her, Jessica’s habit does come with a cost — if you’ve considered buying an Instant Pot recently, her 5-star review, complete with photos and a video, might have nudged you toward a knockoff instead of the real thing. It’s entirely fake, but Jessica told BuzzFeed News she doesn’t think she’s gaming the system; she’s trying to help brands grow their businesses in Amazon’s massive marketplace. “I’m just a pawn in their marketing scheme,” she said. Third-party sellers know what it takes to make it on Amazon: Get good reviews and a high search ranking. But attracting genuine customers is tough, so some sellers use a reliable cheat — bribes. Because of Amazon’s vast scale, inscrutable algorithms, and capricious enforcement of its own rules, unscrupulous sellers and paid shills largely get away with it. Amazon has banned giving away free products in exchange for reviews, so Jessica requested anonymity out of fear that the company would suspend her account. Sellers reach out to Jessica through targeted Facebook ads touting free items or dedicated review groups with thousands of members, and give her a specific set of instructions to purchase their products on Amazon. After she leaves a 5-star review, the sellers reimburse her via PayPal or an Amazon gift card, and let her keep the items she reviews. Jessica’s activity, as far as Amazon is concerned, looks legitimate. She makes purchases from her own Amazon account a",tech
"The top 10 Democrats running for president will go into deep detail Wednesday night on something that could define their presidencies: climate change. During a seven-hour CNN town hall, the candidates will take turns spending 40 minutes talking about the issue. Former housing secretary Julián Castro is the first onstage, at 5 p.m., and New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker is last at 11:20 p.m. Most of the candidates only released detailed climate plans in recent days and weeks, with South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg and California Sen. Kamala Harris releasing plans Wednesday. So this will be the first time that many candidates detail and are questioned about their sweeping proposals in front of a national audience. Although it’s not the climate debate youth activists with the Sunrise Movement and former candidate Washington Gov. Jay Inslee pushed for, the marathon event will offer waaaaaaaay more air time devoted to climate than the past two Democratic primary debates combined. Expect to hear about how climate change is already affecting the US today, from extreme hurricanes to raging wildfires, and how the crisis bleeds into other top issues from health care to immigration. And expect to hear some real differences in how candidates want to try to solve one of the toughest problems facing the planet. Here are some of the biggest questions going into the night: Does anyone want to be the climate candidate? The only person to frame their entire campaign on climate change has dropped out. And while every candidate has a multi-page plan out declaring climate an urgent issue, it remains to be seen who, if anyone, will make this the centerpiece of their campaign going forward. For example, former Texas representative Beto O’Rourke rolled out the first climate plan back in April, proposing $5 trillion in spending to get the US to have net-zero emissions by 2050 at the latest. Now he’s refocused his campaign on gun control, though he still frequently raises the issue of clim",science
"When I guessed correctly that it was my brother, Julian, coming through, the licorice- colored coffee table rocked back and forth a couple of times before tipping, my knees catching the thing before it could fall to the ground. “It’s him,” said Janice. The heavy table pressed into me, hard. “He’s giving you a hug,” Janice continued, exhaling with steady assurance even though my brother Jules had been dead coming on twenty years. Outside the cottage of Janice Nelson-Kroesser, chocolate-milk mud puddles booby- trapped the path to her front door. A thin April fog hovered several inches over the slushy gravel driveway, ambivalent, like a shy snake. Beyond Janice’s parked minivan, a gaggle of boarded-up cabins lined Pond Street: cold, dark, cockamamie and hibernating cottages, waiting for their summer residents to wake them up come May, to have life zapped back into their old, dead gingerbread-house bones. Behind them, the air sap-filled and sweet, a tall forest of pines with creeping bittersweet, chopped logs, and brush, make way for a little clearing in which sat port-a- potty with a laminated note taped onto its door: BE AWARE! TOADS HANG OUT ON THE TOILET TISSUE ROLL. It was spring in Maine and we were at Camp Etna, the 141-year-old Spiritualist community brought to life in 1876 and, compared to its explosive popularity back in its youth and teenage years, kept pretty much secret for the past fifty. It was a hard place to find, and if it hadn’t been for a friend, Celia, mentioning it to me, I probably never would have really known that Spiritualism was an actual religion, nor would I have ever found this sleepy hollow. I was 34 years old, living in Maine, and until this year I had never heard of Camp Etna. Despite its Burning Man–sized popularity back in the 19th and 20th century, most people I spoke to knew zilch about this place either. When I asked the gas-station clerk a quarter mile down the road from Camp Etna if she had any idea of what happens up the street b",reader
"A high school student in Kenya killed herself last week after her teacher shamed her for bleeding through her school uniform when she was on her period. Now parents and lawmakers are demanding answers. Local newspaper the Daily Nation reported that on Sept. 6, a 14-year-old girl started her period for the first time in the middle of the school day in Bomet County, located about 150 miles northwest of the capital, Nairobi. The girl was completely caught off guard and didn’t have a pad, according to the Nation, causing her to later bleed through her uniform. Despite Kenya’s Basic Education Act of 2017, which mandates that pads be distributed to girls in public schools across the country, some institutions have been skipped over. This has forced many girls who can’t otherwise afford them to stay home from school. According to the girl’s mother, Beatrice Koech, when she was unable to focus on her studies, her woman teacher berated her for staining her school clothes with menstrual blood. Koech told the Nation that her daughter’s teacher called her “dirty” and kicked her out of class. “She had nothing to use as a pad,” Koech told the newspaper. “When the blood stained her clothes, she was told to leave the classroom and stand outside.” The girl walked home and told her mom what had happened. Later that day, she killed herself. Konoin Sub-County Police Commander Alex Shikondi told the Nation that officers took her body to a nearby hospital. BuzzFeed News has reached out to the local police for comment. The difficulty that women and girls face in accessing the products they need for their periods isn’t limited to students at school. Earlier this year, a tampon shortage hit Nairobi, partly as a result of a recall by Kotex after some of the tampons had been found to leave pieces of cotton inside women’s bodies. As news of the student’s death spread on social media, Kenyans began to discuss the grave consequences of menstruation-shaming. A few people have changed their Twitte",health
"A year ahead of the US presidential election, the world’s biggest social media companies are still failing to tackle manipulation on their platforms, an exercise by NATO StratCom has found. To test the ability of Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and Instagram to detect potentially malicious activity, researchers at the NATO Strategic Communication Centre of Excellence ran a four-month experiment starting in May. They purchased social media engagement on 105 different posts across the four social media platforms from manipulation service providers (MSPs), a type of company that allow clients to buy clicks and inflate their social media presence. At a cost of just 300 euros (about $333), NATO StratCom bought 3,530 comments, 25,750 likes, 20,000 views and 5,100 followers across the four platforms. Researchers were able to identify the accounts — 18,739 in total — that were being used to deliver the purchased interactions. This in turn allowed them to assess what other pages these inauthentic accounts were interacting with on behalf of other clients. The results of the experiment are startling: Four weeks after the purchase, 4 in 5 of the purchased engagements were still online, and three weeks after a sample of fake accounts was reported to the companies, 95% of the accounts were still active. The findings, which are contained in a report released today shared with a small number of media outlets including BuzzFeed News, suggest that malicious and inauthentic activity enabled by MSPs will often go unnoticed, considerably increasing the risk that attempts by ill-intentioned state and nongovernmental actors that seek to interfere in democratic processes will not be effectively detected and tackled. “Social media manipulation is the new frontier for antagonists seeking to influence elections, polarise public opinion, and side-track legitimate political discussions,” the report states. The NATO Strategic Communications Centre of Excellence is a NATO-accredited international mil",politics
"Democrats have hoped that the impeachment hearings might bridge the vast divide between the how the ideological factions in the country view President Donald Trump’s wrongdoing. On Wednesday, as Gordon Sondland, the US ambassador to the European Union, read his opening statement, liberal Twitter users buzzed optimistically that it might finally be the moment. “I know that members of this committee have frequently framed these complicated issues in the form of a simple question: Was there a quid pro quo?” Sondland said. “As I testified previously, with regard to the requested White House call and White House meeting, the answer is yes.” “Holy cow Gordon Sondland going full John Dean in opening statement,” MSNBC host Ari Melber tweeted. “There is a Trump presidency before today and a Trump presidency after today,” Anand Giridharadas, an author and Time editor-at-large, tweeted. But there are two impeachment hearings unfolding in the nation's capital. One, carried out by the Democrats, is designed to ascertain the truth as to whether Trump sought a ""quid pro quo"" deal with Ukraine to get the country to investigate Joe Biden and the 2016 presidential election in exchange for aid money. The other, being carried out simultaneously by the Republicans, is quite different. Instead of trying to learn the truth, it seeks to create not just a counternarrative but a completely separate reality. Each round of GOP questioning is not meant to interrogate the witnesses, which today included Sondland, but instead to create moments that can be flipped into Fox News segments, shared as bite-size Facebook posts, or dropped into 4chan threads. Their alternate universe — built from baseless online conspiracy theories and reading the tea leaves of Trump’s Twitter feed — dominates Fox News and Facebook. And the Republicans’ strategy, as confusing and bizarre as it may seem to those on the outside, is working. Here’s TrumpWorld’s version of the impeachment narrative: Claims of Russian meddli",tech
"South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg released a new plan to address climate change Wednesday, pitching himself as someone who can bring all Americans together to fight the crisis with ideas that, while not as far-reaching as some other candidates’, could be more feasible. “One thing that I think is different in our approach is, we are really focusing on how to rally Americans on getting this done,” Buttigieg told BuzzFeed News. “I think America always does better when we have a national project, and this is about mobilizing the American people. It’s not just about how dire it is if we fail; it’s about how much pride we can get if we get the job done.” Buttigieg’s new plan, “Mobilizing America: Rising to the Climate Challenge,” proposes to have the US reach net-zero emissions by 2050 at the latest, pour billions into funding federal clean-energy research and development, and create more than 3 million high-paying jobs. He released the plan just in time for Wednesday’s CNN town hall devoted to the issue. He’s one of the 10 Democratic presidential candidates to qualify for both the town hall and the third Democratic debate next week. Drawing on his experience as mayor of a Midwest city, Buttigieg proposes to hold a “Pittsburgh climate summit” in his first 100 days in office, bringing together local leaders to share best practices on climate action, pool resources, and build plans for transitioning these local communities to 100% clean energy. The idea is a pointed dig against President Donald Trump, who, in his June 2017 speech announcing his intention to withdraw the US from the Paris climate agreement, said he was elected to represent “Pittsburgh, not Paris.” (Buttigieg also said he’d have the US rejoin the international climate agreement.) Trump’s comments “reveal he doesn’t get it” and reflect a “discredited worldview that holds you can either deal with climate or you can boost the economy,” Buttigieg said. “The truth is, if we fail to deal with climate, we wi",science
"A few months ago, my girlfriend and I were getting on the subway in Manhattan’s Union Square when we were approached by a stranger. “I’m sorry,” the woman said, intercepting us before we made our way down the subway stairs. “This is kinda weird, but I think I just read an article about you guys?” “Uh,” I said. “Yeah, you’re right, you probably did.” I’d recently published a personal essay here on BuzzFeed News about my week on a lesbian cruise, where my now-girlfriend Lynette and I had met. “Wow,” she said. “Well, I’m really glad you two ended up together!” I’d been divulging intimate details of my personal life on the internet for years, to sporadically viral results, but this was the first time that someone had actually recognized me for my writing out in the wilds of real life — and it wouldn’t be the last. That same week, entire friend groups at Dyke March told Lynette and me how much my article had meant to them. A few nights later, outside the West Village’s lesbian bar Cubbyhole, a drunk girl yelled “You’re Lynette!” when we passed by; inside, a straight guy who’d just taken his newly out gay friend to Cubby, having learned about it from my essay, bought us a round of undrinkable $3 margaritas. Anywhere we went, it seemed, we were greeted by someone who knew far more about us than we did about them. I thought this burst of attention was more or less a fluke of timing. The article came out just before World Pride, which meant that there was an influx of people in the city more likely to have read a lesbian love story on BuzzFeed than your average New Yorker. It was flattering, of course, and appreciated; what writer doesn’t want their work to reach others? I did feel a little uncomfortable when someone tweeted at me that they’d just seen Lynette and me in a Duane Reade. But this would all die down, I thought. The internet moves on. Virality never lasts. And then, a couple months later and a few thousand miles away, Lynette and I were standing outside a comedy ",reader
"Because of trying stuff like this: And this: Because they take risks like this: And have, uh...ideas like this: Because of fixing things like this: And going for things like this: Because they put science to the test like this: And because they have no shame in trying things like this: Because they live on the edge like this: And like this: Because fire isn't a concern when they do stuff like this: Or like this: And — DEAR GOD — especially this: Because they constantly test how far they can go in ways like this: And like this: Because they cure boredom like this: Because a solution to a problem looks something like this: And finally, just...this:",health
"WASHINGTON — House Republicans are introducing legislation calling for senators running for president in 2020 to sit out the impeachment trial. Rep. Jason Smith of Missouri will introduce a resolution Thursday recommending that any senator running to challenge President Donald Trump should recuse themselves from the expected Senate trial. The resolution was provided in advance to BuzzFeed News. It is unlikely to pass in the Democrat-controlled House and would not be binding but would serve as a suggestion from the House. Specifically, the resolution asks the Senate to change its rules to force the presidential contenders to recuse, noting that “a sitting United States Senator actively seeking to unseat the incumbent President of the United States cannot claim impartiality in his or her political opponent’s impeachment trial.” As of now, Sens. Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders, Cory Booker, Amy Klobuchar, and Michael Bennet are all still in the race for president and will sit in the likely trial, which could begin as soon as January. The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up-to-date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. “Just how the Founding Fathers understood the clear conflict of interests that the Vice President would have in an impeachment proceeding, there too exists a conflict of interest for a number of Senators who are trying to become their party’s nominee and face Trump at the ballot box,” Smith said in a statement to BuzzFeed News. “This resolution is all about fairness. No Senator should participate in this trial when they are able to abuse their position in the Congress by attempting to remove a President from office while also helping their own political ambitions.” On Thursday, Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced that the House will be moving forward with drafting articles of impeachment. Should the House vote ",politics
"As public impeachment hearings kicked off in Washington last week, a meme featuring Rep. Adam Schiff spread across Facebook. Within minutes of one another, at least 23 pages with state-themed names such as Ohio Supporters for President Donald J Trump and Iowa Supporters for President Donald J Trump shared an image of Schiff with the words “Lock Up Adam Schiff for Treason” and “Make American Great Again” encircling his head. This was one of two anonymously run pro-Trump networks of pages identified by a researcher and BuzzFeed News that share memes and stories, some of which are false or misleading, in a coordinated fashion. When contacted for comment, Facebook told BuzzFeed News the two networks do not violate its policy against coordinated inauthentic behavior. While it’s unclear exactly who's behind the network that spread the Schiff meme, the pages heavily promote posts from the campaign page of Robert Hyde, a landscaping business owner seeking the GOP nomination for a congressional seat in Connecticut. On the Connecticut Supporters for President Donald J Trump page, Hyde is seen posing with Trump in its profile and background photos. When asked about his relationship to the network of pages, Hyde was evasive. “I like positivity and like to follow all Trump media,” he said in an initial email to BuzzFeed News. In a follow-up message, he said he does not run the pages. The pages and their murky connections to a political candidate highlight the challenges in determining who is behind coordinated activity on Facebook, whose interest page networks may serve, and what does and doesn’t rise to the platform’s standard of “coordinated inauthentic behavior.” The enforcement of that policy is a major focus going into next year’s US election, as Facebook works to prevent the rampant manipulation and inauthentic behavior that marred the 2016 campaign on the world’s largest social network. The company’s head of security policy, Nathaniel Gleicher, told BuzzFeed News it will ",tech
"Having devastated the northern Bahamas, Hurricane Dorian is now moving up the US Atlantic coast. “Life-threatening storm surge and dangerous winds are expected to continue along portions of the North Carolina coast, portions of southeast Virginia and the southern Chesapeake Bay,” the National Weather Service warned Friday morning. “Water levels could rise well in advance of the arrival of strong winds.” This map shows the most likely predicted track and the likelihood of hurricane-force winds from Dorian. Historically, flood waters from surging seas have been the major killer when hurricanes come ashore. The map below shows storm surge warnings and watches from the National Hurricane Center. Heavy rain could add to the flooding experienced in coastal areas. The maps below show forecast rainfall. The map below shows the risk of localized flash flooding from rain over the next 24 hours, plus forecasts from stream gauges showing the risks of rivers bursting their banks in the coming days. River flooding forecasts are available only for stream gauges that have enough historical data to predict how a river will respond to anticipated rainfall, so they provide only a partial guide to where rivers may flood. As always, obey evacuation orders from local officials. See here for more information on the storm.   Colored shading shows the probability of sustained hurricane-force winds, greater than 74 mph, over the next five days. The maps in this post will update with each new forecast. This post was updated to reflect the latest warnings from the National Weather Service and to add a map of forecast rainfall over the next day. This post was updated to include a map of storm surge warnings and watches. This post was updated to include a map of flooding risks, and to reflect the latest warnings from the National Weather Service. This post was updated to reflect the latest warnings from the National Weather Service. This post was updated to reflect the latest warnings from the N",science
"I don’t know how we’re going to explain a show like It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia to younger generations. The concept of the show is simple enough — a brother and sister, their dad, and two friends hang out at the bar they own all day, getting into hijinks. The episode descriptions, however, are impossible to describe without cringing. “A guy dies in Paddy’s Pub. Dennis and Mac use the guy’s death as an excuse to get close to the guy’s attractive granddaughter. Meanwhile, Charlie discovers that Dennis and Dee’s grandfather was a Nazi,” reads the IMDb synopsis of Season 1’s “The Gang Finds a Dead Guy.” Another episode synopsis from Season 3, “Sweet Dee’s Dating a Retarded Person,” reads, “While Dennis and Dee try to figure out if the rapper Dee is dating has a mental handicap or not, Charlie, Mac, and Frank try to start their own band without knowledge of how to play musical instruments.” Please trust me when I say this episode is a classic, not because of the Dee plotline, but because Dennis and Charlie sing a song about the “Dayman, fighter of the Nightman” while huffing silver aerosol paint out of a sock. The show, which premiered in 2005, is about five bad people being bad in every sense of the world: They’re racist, sexist, abusive little shits who should, by any other metric, make for an absolutely miserable television-watching experience. I mean, Mac does blackface, for Christ’s sake. In 2013!!! And yet it’s one of the funniest shows on television. Its 14th season premiered Wednesday night on FXX, making it (along with the 1952–1966 sitcom, The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet) the longest-running live-action comedy in history. Amid renewed conversations about cancel culture, and complaints that it is keeping comedians — particularly straight white male ones — from making the work that they want without censorship or disruption from the politically correct–obsessed left, it’s remarkable that a show like It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia has lasted this long",reader
"Chance Ammirata vaped for the first time in a high school culinary class. It was his junior year and a friend had offered him her Juul. After one inhale, the Miami teen started coughing profusely, but after two more hits he was hooked. ""I was like, 'Oh, this is why you have it,'"" the now 18-year-old told BuzzFeed News. ""I felt this buzz and it was like all of the anxiety and stress that I had [went away]."" Over the next week, he noticed more and more of his classmates were vaping. He'd occasionally borrow their e-cigarettes in class or in the bathroom. Then, one day, overwhelmed by anxiety, Ammirata felt an intense craving to vape. He raced to a friend who had a Juul and took a hit. ""From that point on, every single day that I tried going without it felt like too much for me, and eventually I ended up having one and I kind of got trapped in the same thing that my friends did,"" he said. Now, amid a nationwide outbreak of mysterious lung illnesses associated with vaping, leading to at least six deaths, Ammirata and other young people who have been hospitalized with injuries they believe were caused by the use of e-cigarettes are using social media to warn their peers about the dangers of vaping and inspiring them to quit. ""All of my friends were vaping. Everyone in my high school was addicted,"" said Ammirata, who was hospitalized for a lung collapse his doctor told him was connected to his e-cigarette use. ""I honestly knew so many more teenagers that were vaping than not, and I was like 'OK, I need to put this out there.' I felt obligated to tell my friends, like, 'guys, this is not good. You guys need to stop.'"" More than 450 people across 33 states have been affected by serious lung illnesses associated with vaping and six people have died. The illness is defined by severe pneumonia symptoms, shortness of breath, coughing, fever, fatigue, and respiratory failure, and has so far affected mostly young people. In one case documented in the Midwest, the patient also had",health
"NEW HAMPTON, Iowa — Former vice president Joe Biden got into a heated exchange with a man in Iowa on Thursday, in which he challenged the man to an IQ test or pushup contest after the man questioned Biden about his son and said he was too old to be president. During a question-and-answer portion of the event in New Hampton, Iowa, the man asked Biden a question about having ""sent"" his son to work for Ukrainian oil company Burisma. (Hunter Biden had served on the board of the company and recently said doing so was “poor judgment” but that he “did nothing wrong at all.”) And he said that Biden is “too old” to serve as president. ""You're a damn liar,"" Biden responded. “Look, the reason I’m running is because I’ve been around a long time and I know more than most people know and I can get things done. That’s why I’m running. And you want to check my shape, man, let’s do push-ups together here, man, let’s run, let’s do whatever you want to do, let’s take an IQ test,” Biden said. ""No one has said that my son did anything wrong,"" he later added. The man said he'd seen something on TV, specifically on MSNBC, about the Bidens and Ukraine. ""You don’t hear that on MSNBC,"" Biden said. ""I didn't say you did anything wrong,"" the man said. He eventually told Biden that “it looks like you don’t have any more backbone than Trump does” and that he won’t be voting for Biden, which brought boos from the crowd. ""I know you're not, man. You think I thought you were voting for me standing there. You're too old to vote for me,"" Biden said, before moving on to ask if any students had questions for him. After a stunned silence of a few moments, Biden said, ""Really? Nothing?"" before one student asked him a question and the event continued. It appeared at one point late in the exchange that Biden said ""fat"" in reference to the man — Biden’s campaign later said he said ""facts."" The questioner, who spoke to reporters after the event but refused to give his name, said he is a retired farmer from I",politics
"The three leaders for House caucuses representing racial minority interests signed a letter on Wednesday asking Google why it hired a former Department of Homeland Security staffer who worked on a version of the Muslim travel ban and helped implement the controversial family separation policy. Addressed to Google CEO Sundar Pichai, the letter — signed by Congressional Hispanic Caucus Chair Joaquin Castro, Congressional Black Caucus Chair Karen Bass, and Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus Chair Judy Chu — noted its members were “deeply troubled” by the hiring of Miles Taylor, a former DHS chief of staff who defended policies that Google’s leaders had previously denounced. He joined the company in September as a government affairs and public policy manager. “As one of the world’s largest tech companies, it is crucial that Google take seriously its role in practicing its values of diversity, equity, and inclusion,” the letter read. “We find it alarming when companies choose to reward and hire individuals that have played active roles in implementing cruel policies that target and hurt the communities we represent and Google is no exception.” The members' line of questioning echoes that coming from groups of Google employees, whose anger and confusion at Taylor’s September hiring has fueled internal rifts and a breakdown of trust between the company’s leaders and its rank and file. Last month, when employees attempted to ask questions about Taylor’s hiring following a BuzzFeed News report, Google censored some questions about the matter ahead of a companywide meeting known as TGIF. In the weeks since, Google has made it publicly known that it’s punishing alleged leakers and has cut down on the regularity and focus of its TGIF meetings, once a hallmark of the company’s open culture. A Google spokesperson declined to comment on the letter or Taylor. As a counselor to then–acting DHS secretary Elaine Duke in 2017, Taylor called the screening standards at US border",tech
"The outbreak of reported vaping-related lung illnesses has more than quadrupled in numbers over the last two weeks, federal health official said on Friday, with 215 possible cases now in 25 states. An Illinois adult died last week from severe lung illness tied to vaping, the first death reported in the outbreak, which has led to numerous hospitalizations. Many patients have reported gradual breathing difficulty and chest pain before arriving in the emergency room. They often report recent use of vaping liquids containing THC, the ingredient in marijuana that gets you high, as well. ""Even though cases appear similar, it is not clear if these cases have a common cause or if they are different diseases,"" said CDC Director Robert Redfield and Acting FDA Commissioner Ned Sharpless, in a joint statement on the outbreak investigation. Health officials have not yet even settled on a common definition of the syndrome, or standards for reporting cases. The outbreak has grown remarkably fast, with the CDC pinning its start to June 28, when two states, Wisconsin and Illinois, requested federal help with investigating cases. News of the illnesses grew with the July 25 announcement by Wisconsin state health officials of eight illnesses in teens after vaping. More cases are under investigation, with 298 total reported on Friday by NBC News after a state-by-state tally of health departments. That tally includes cases under investigation not yet reported to the CDC by state health agencies. Now, some state and local health agencies, for example Milwaukee's, are calling for people to stop using all vaping products due to the outbreak. States with reported cases include California, Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Minnesota, Michigan, North Carolina, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Pennsylvania, Texas, Utah, and Wisconsin, according to the CDC. The e-cigarette industry, however, is blaming black market vaping liquids for the illnesses. ""Each day of this crisis brings more evide",science
"Taylor Jenkins Reid cited Fleetwood Mac as a direct inspiration for her novel the fictional oral history Daisy Jones & The Six, so why not start with the source? Cath Caroll, a British journalist and musician in her own right, interviewed the people behind the making of Fleetwood Mac’s most famous, acrimonious album. Comprised of three separate conversations that Canadian broadcaster Marom had with Mitchell from 1973 to 2012, Mitchell covers a lot of ground. She talks about everything from her childhood in Canada and being a single mom who gave her daughter up for adoption to more philosophical questions about existence and the exhilarating experience of performing for an audience. This 2015 memoir by founding Sonic Youth member Kim Gordon covers a lot of ground: her childhood as the daughter of a UCLA academic and stay-at-home mom, the band’s early days and growing success, the devastating end of her 27-year marriage to bandmate Thurston Moore, and a lot more. A kleptomaniac assistant named Sasha, a record executive who likes to sprinkle gold into his coffee— Egan’s 2011 Pulitzer Prize winning collection of connected short stories features an ecletic mix of characters who all have roots in the San Francisco ’70s rock scene, even as the book jumps back and forth through time. Sleater Kinney was one of the biggest riot grrrl acts to emerge from the ’90s alternative rock scene in the Pacific Northwest, so when Brownstein published this memoir in 2015, it was a big deal for the band’s fans. Brownstein delves deep into her unhappy childhood, the isolation she felt growing up with an anorexic mother and closeted father, and the carthasis that music — especially the loud, unapologetically angry feminist rock that Sleater Kinney became famous for — offered. How did Rolling Stone magazine became the defining oracle of ’60s and ’70s rock and roll? Journalist Joe Hagan traces the origin story of Jann Wenner, failed-novelist-turned editor of the most influential music magazine",reader
"Despite the obvious differences in production costs, it honestly would be ideal to live in a world where nondairy milks didn't cost extra. Starbucks baristas are encouraged to craft beverages directly in customers’ reusable cups whenever possible. Building on our long standing commitment to sustainability and an elevated customer experience, we will take this opportunity to review guidance to our partners about personal cup use as we continue to be mindful of waste. Regarding alternative milks, adding a splash of any alternative milk to brewed or iced coffee, cold brew or an Americano is always offered free of charge. The price of our beverages is based on a standard recipe, so any customizations that are not part of the standard recipe, which could include added flavors, alternative milk, or an additional shot of espresso, will incur a small surcharge. If you follow Alicia Silverstone on social media then you already know that she cares deeply about the environment. One company, though, that she doesn't think shares her passion about it is Starbucks. Alicia hopped on Twitter to give a few suggestions to the global coffee chain, starting with calling out its use of disposable cups. Many people echoed her feelings about Starbucks' overuse of disposable cups, adding their own observations of it. Some pointed out their local knowledge of health codes — and how allowing customers to use reusable cups wouldn't be considered a violation. While others offered deeper insights. Alicia didn't just call out Starbucks' need to improve its system for handling reusable cups, though — she also questioned why milk alternatives are more expensive. On the topic of milk, she had one more suggestion for Starbucks: If Starbucks is looking to overhaul its green initiatives, well, it now knows exactly who it can hire as a consultant. UPDATE: A Starbucks spokesperson has provided the following statement to BuzzFeed:",health
"KYIV — Rudy Giuliani has made a surprise visit to Kyiv — but the city isn’t buzzing with his arrival. It’s groaning. Giuliani arriving with his shady band of conspiracy theorists — just as Democrats move to officially file impeachment charges against President Donald Trump — is the last thing Ukrainians who have tried desperately to stay out of the drama unfolding in Washington wanted. Kyiv is trying to focus on upcoming peace talks with Russia to end the war simmering in its east, but Giuliani’s visit meant the headlines were all about impeachment once more. Officials from the office of President Volodymyr Zelensky to the US embassy to everyone in between know that the arrival of the bombastic mayor is nothing but trouble. “Holy shit. I don’t believe in such coincidences,” Ukrainian anti-corruption activist Daria Kaleniuk wrote of Giuliani’s arrival on Facebook, noting that it comes just days ahead of long-anticipated peace talks between Zelensky and Russian President Vladimir Putin in Paris on Monday. Giuliani, who is being investigated by federal prosecutors looking into whether he violated federal lobbying laws, is on a mission to “destroy” the Democrats’ impeachment narrative via a documentary series on the vehemently pro-Trump One America News Network (OAN). But judging by the questionable cast of Ukrainian characters he’s meeting, whatever information he manages to dig up is likely to be extremely dubious. “I’m just a country lawyer trying to show his client is being framed. I will do it,” Giuliani told Fox News. He didn’t answer calls or text messages seeking comment on Thursday. Giuliani’s meddling in Kyiv is what helped lead to the impeachment inquiry in the first place — a host of witnesses have told investigators how they feared his “irregular channel” of diplomacy, focused on digging up dirt on the President Trump’s political rivals, could do lasting damage to the US–Ukraine relationship. An official in Zelensky’s office said the president was caught of",politics
"T-Mobile is in the midst of plans to merge with Sprint, and a plan for a new CEO isn't a total shock. Last month, the Wall Street Journal reported that Legere was in talks to become the new CEO of WeWork, a rumor he shut down today in a conference call with reporters and analysts. It's unclear what his next job will be, but for now one thing seems clear: His reign of promoted tweet terror will be coming to a close. Legere isn't just a CEO, he's a cool CEO. You can tell because he wears sneakers and T-shirts (aways in T-Mobile's magenta hue, of course) instead of stuffy suits. He also wears his hair long. The combination of his hairline and length can best be described as: • touring keyboardist with Whitesnake (not an original member) • former ’80s teen star with a tenuous grasp on his new recovery • untenured comp lit professor • proprietor of year-round haunted hayride • bartender at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville restaurant (Las Vegas location) • mom's new ""friend"" If you don't follow the ins and outs of the telecom industry, Legere is probably not a familiar name. However, if you are a regular citizen of the internet, specifically Twitter, you may be aware of Legere for this reason: his incessant advertisements. Unlike 99.9% of large companies, T-Mobile doesn't just run Twitter ads from its main account. It also pays for promoted tweets from its CEO's personal account. And judging by how many times I've seen these ads, it does this a lot. Now that Legere is moving on, he'll be taking with him any new followers he's acquired from T-Mobile footing the Twitter ad bill. T-Mobile declined to confirm whether Legere had ever paid to promote his own tweets, or if (more likely) they were paid for by the company. T-Mobile also would not say if it planned to continue this horrifying vanity exercise with its new CEO's tweets. Advertising is an art, not a science — but it seems to defy all logic that promoting Legere's tweets was a highly successful campaign. While it may hav",tech
"Standing on the edge of the Brazilian Amazon rainforest in the early 2000s, Douglas Morton looked out at an “apocalyptic” scene: charred vegetation at his feet, smoke filling the skies in all directions, and an orange haze hanging in the air. The source of all the destruction, and the motivation for Morton’s trips back there year after year, was rampant deforestation. Morton, now a NASA scientist, was then one of the researchers figuring out how to better use satellites for monitoring deforestation. “The first years I spent in the Amazon were some of the record years of deforestation that we’ve ever mapped from satellite data,” Morton, who leads the Biospheric Sciences Laboratory at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center, told BuzzFeed News. Research findings from that era, filled in with imaging from satellites, helped drive action to dramatically scale back deforestation and reverse the trend. Now deforestation is creeping back up. This month, news of forest clearing went viral after smoke from deforestation-linked fires temporarily plunged Brazil’s largest city into darkness. Consequently, Morton and other scientists who have studied the Amazon for years have been thrust into the spotlight, juggling media requests from around the world, pushing back against misinformation, and wrestling with their own emotions about the Amazon’s uncertain fate. “I have gotten more emails and Facebook hits from my relatives than I have gotten in a year combined,” Michael Coe, director of the Amazon Program at Woods Hole Research Center, told BuzzFeed News. “They are all asking: ‘What’s going on? What are you doing about it?’” “I’ve just tried to tell them the story — it’s a bad year,” Coe said, and “this is what happens when deforestation gets out of hand.” There have been more than 80,000 fires in the Amazon rainforest so far in 2019, representing an over 80% increase compared to the same period last year, according to National Institute for Space Research (INPE) data. It’s become cl",science
"Susan Sontag’s fame was always paradoxical. It made no sense that a writer publishing in the so-called little magazines, like Partisan Review and the New York Review of Books, on topics like structuralist philosophy or the history of interpretation, could cross over to become a major literary star. But, improbably, she did. Sontag became an icon of ’60s radical chic, launched by the essay “Notes on Camp,” most recently invoked as the organizing text for the Met Gala’s 2019 theme. Throughout her career, she was also a filmmaker, playwright, short story writer, documentarian, and an experimental turned bestselling novelist. She made provocative assertions — that the white race is “the cancer” of human history, or that the 9/11 hijackers were not cowards — that kept her active in the public imagination. Through her sober, book-length studies On Photography and Illness as Metaphor, she helped change the terms of public debate around phenomena that permeated culture. But even for people who might not have engaged with her work, Sontag became an almost cartoonish symbol of intellectualism and high literary seriousness. She played herself as a talking head in Woody Allen’s 1983 movie Zelig, was caricatured on Saturday Night Live, and was even name-dropped in Gremlins 2 (1990) by one of the creepy creatures as a marker of civilization, on par with the Geneva Convention and chamber music. But despite her celebrity, Sontag was notoriously guarded about her personal life. Her work was not, for the most part, the kind of direct, first-person essays or journalism that would let you into her world, in the mode of contemporaries like Norman Mailer or Joan Didion (an approach that is now de rigueur in the internet age). Her writing was famous for its academic tone (modeled after French and German cultural critics) and for her obsession with (mostly male) European writers and thinkers. Because Sontag’s essayistic and fictional voice was so impersonal, the glimpses into the woman beh",reader
,health
"This is the Stakes 2020, BuzzFeed News' newsletter about what really matters in the 2020 campaign. You can sign up here. The Lede: Since impeachment is an intense but predictable Washington drama, Democrats may have little space in their heads for the primary. And as they look back to Iowa, they’re going to see…Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders. Is Michael Bloomberg really going viral? Axios the other day reported that on Nov. 24 Bloomberg was enjoying an “attention boom,” pointing at both cable TV (true!) and the following internet stat: “Recent stories about Bloomberg generated more social media interactions than Amy Klobuchar, Andrew Yang, Julián Castro, or Tom Steyer have ever gotten.” That’s not nothing — but “stories about” is a pretty narrow measure. So I asked my colleague Brandon Hardin to pull a more organic measure, interactions on the candidates’ Facebook pages the week after Bloomberg announced, and it’s pretty much what you’d expect: Bernie dominates, Warren is second, and Bloomberg is the floor. His tweets, meanwhile, get likes and retweets in the triple figures, but this isn’t a mass movement. Bloomberg did have stellar engagement on one post a couple months ago, Hardin says: the one in which he appeared with India’s prime minister, Narendra Modi. He’d be a hell of an internet candidate in India, it seems. Remember Cory Booker? The New Jersey senator was on AM to DM Wednesday morning, upset that “we’ve gotten to a point now where there’s more billionaires in the 2020 race than there are black people.” Booker says it with a different valence than Sanders and Warren do — some of his best friends are billionaires — and if you’re a pro-business Democrat worried about Joe Biden, it’s hard to watch that interview and not come away thinking Booker is the blindingly obvious answer to the question of who’s a strong centrist alternative. Read Receipts: Kamala Harris was the first major candidate to text with me for this series, and we talked policy and memes. She l",politics
"Congratulations! After a grueling campaign, you have been elected president of Discursia, a small nation somewhere in the Global South. Discursia is peaceful and prosperous compared to its neighbors. But in 2028, how long can that last? Your economy is booming, but a small cadre of elites hoards its spoils. A restive minority group clamors for rights it’s been denied — rights it might take up arms to obtain. And thousands of refugees mass at your borders, driven by the scarcity of a scorched planet. Your mandate is to preserve democracy and stability, with minimal immiseration. Outside your office, two trade delegations are waiting. They’re from the two most powerful nations on Earth: the United States and the People’s Republic of China. The Americans go first. They propose a sweeping trade package, a plank of which is a 10-year commitment to American social networks: Facebook, Twitter, YouTube. On these networks, Discursians can assume any identity they want, and post any content they want. (Except female nipples. Those are strictly forbidden.) The American platforms will resist requests from your government to take down content, including posts that could foment violence. Also, the deal prevents you from suing the platforms over content posted on them, even if it leads to something really bad, like a genocide. And yet, freedom of expression, baby! Just look at what it’s done for our country, the Americans say. Next files in a group of Chinese government officials with a deal of their own. They want to refinance the debt they hold on the highway and ports they’ve already built for you. But first, you have to commit to a 10-year partnership with platforms built by homegrown Chinese tech giants like Tencent and ByteDance. The Chinese networks are a lot like the American ones, with four major differences. The first is: Discursians can’t say anything bad about the Chinese government, like that it might be committing a genocide. The second is: Despite assurances to the ",tech
"Nearly 900 immigrants in US detention centers had the mumps over the last 12 months, the CDC said Thursday, at a time when the government is detaining a record number of undocumented people. A total of 898 cases were reported in adult immigrants in 57 detention facilities across 19 states from Sept. 1, 2018, to Aug. 22 this year, according to the agency. An additional 33 facility staffers were also infected. These 900-plus cases are the first outbreaks identified in detention facilities by the CDC. As of May, an apparent all-time high of more than 52,000 people were being detained by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). In June, ICE said there had been more than 330 mumps cases in the detention centers since September. The CDC’s new tally for such cases is the highest reported to date and is based on four ICE-operated facilities, 19 county jails, and 34 privately operated facilities, according to an agency spokesperson. Those numbers are “striking” and “noteworthy,” said Marc Stern, an affiliate assistant professor in public health at the University of Washington. Based on the CDC’s data, an ICE detainee had roughly at least a 4,000-fold greater risk of getting mumps than a nondetainee in the United States at large, Stern told BuzzFeed News. “That’s an incredibly huge risk,” he said by email. The first mumps cases were identified in Texas detention facilities in December by the Texas Department of State Health Services, the CDC said. Since then, the federal health agency has been working with state and local departments, ICE, and other federal agencies to control the outbreaks. Once largely eliminated in the US, mumps has recently been on the uptick, driven in part by a surging anti-vaccination sentiment, with more than 150 outbreaks reported across the country since 2015. The airborne virus is not usually considered to be fatal, but it is highly contagious, especially in close-contact settings. The two-dose MMR vaccine prevents most, though not all, cases, an",science
"Altman, the author of two previous memoirs, including Poor Man’s Feast, born of her James Beard Award–winning blog of the same name, explores her codependent relationship with her mother, a glamorous Manhattan singer named Rita. A lesbian, Altman didn’t fit her mother’s high-femme standards of makeup, fashion, and generally keeping up appearances. When Rita suffers a fall that results in physical disability, Elissa finds herself taking care of her mother again and coming to terms with the reality of looking after an aging parent with whom she has an unbreakable but complicated relationship. The Yellow House opens with the author’s brother, sitting in a wooden chair at a wooden table on a patch of land in New Orleans East where a house once stood. It ends with this man, Carl, cutting the grass, still the memory keeper. In between, Broom weaves an intricate history of a family, a house, a neighborhood, a city, a country, and a globe. Beginning with her great-grandmother, she tells the story of one black New Orleans family over time and the place where they lived, creating a detailed map, both geographical and metaphorical, and deeply exploring the ways in which identity is rooted to family, family to place, and place to meaning, in a web of beauty and pain. This book is meticulously researched and relies also on interviews Broom conducted with most of the members of her sprawling family. But the through line is her own journey to understand herself in relation to the place, the yellow house that used to be green, the house of her mother’s ownership and her father’s ghost, the house of pride and shame, the house she resented and yet deeply loved and could not escape — even when it literally no longer existed. Blurbed by everyone from Kiese Laymon to Samantha Irby, Akwaeke Emezi, and Michael Arceneaux, Ikpi’s memoir-in-essays is a stand-alone work of diamond-sharp prose that, despite (and because of) its title, is as honest as any memoir can be. In this stunning work, I",reader
"In Michelle Rial's new book Am I Overthinking This? Over-Answering Life's Questions in 101 Charts, the illustrator (and former BuzzFeed employee) hints at the answers to the questions we ask ourselves every day. All images courtesy Michelle Rial. Am I Overthinking This? Over-Answering Life's Questions in 101 Charts by Michelle Rial is out now.",health
"SOUTH BEND, Indiana — A protester wearing a Black Lives Matter T-shirt rushed a lectern and ripped a microphone away from a black city leader on Wednesday night at an event meant to promote Mayor Pete Buttigieg’s relationships with the black community in his hometown. Buttigieg, a Democratic candidate for president, did not attend the forum. Sharon McBride, a city council member who earlier this week joined him on the campaign trail in South Carolina, was among the seven local politicians, pastors, and activists who spoke on his behalf. During McBride’s remarks, a man toward the front of the room at a South Bend youth center began heckling her with other Black Lives Matter protesters chiming in from the back. “I’ll address you guys in a few minutes if you give me my time and the respect,” McBride said. The man — whose race and name could not immediately be verified — then shouted toward McBride, who was wearing a dark leather jacket: “Where are the black leaders that don’t have three-piece suits, leather jackets … ? Who chose these people as black leaders?” Within seconds, in the midst of the commotion, he ripped the microphone off the lectern and began walking away with it. “Who chose these people as the black leaders?” he asked again, his voice now amplified. “Who organized this? Why are you talking about Pete Buttigieg?” Buttigieg supporters organized the event, which the mayor’s campaign promoted earlier on Wednesday as a “special announcement” from black South Bend leaders and elected officials. Buttigieg has faced criticism at home from some activists about his handling of police and housing issues and persistent questions from national media about his ability to attract support from voters of color. He recently polled at zero among black voters in South Carolina, an early primary state where a majority of Democrats are black. Despite the suggestive billing from Buttigieg’s campaign, South Bend council member Karen White made clear at the outset of Wednesday’s",politics
"The phrase “I hired Donald Trump to fire people like Yovanovitch"" trended on Twitter on Friday morning as Marie Yovanovitch, former US ambassador to Ukraine, testified in front of the impeachment inquiry held by the House Intelligence Committee. And while it may have seemed like a spontaneous outcry from the president's supporters, the phrase has spread at a rate consistent with the coordinated inauthentic behavior expected from a network of bots or sock puppet accounts. To be sure, many human users are sharing the phrase, including Donald Trump Jr., who tweeted a version of the phrase an hour after the first tweet surfaced: “America hired @realDonaldTrump to fire people like the first three witnesses we’ve seen. Career government bureaucrats and nothing more.” The way the phrase has spread does not appear to be completely authentic. At least 7,320 tweets (including retweets) were posted that included the words posted in the first 45 minutes, according to an analysis conducted by BuzzFeed News. Within that time period, 83 accounts tweeted or retweeted the phrase over 10 times each. A representative for Twitter said the company was looking into whether the activity was coordinated. Later in the day, several accounts in BuzzFeed News’ data set were suspended. Twitter subsequently told BuzzFeed News that its initial investigations had not found evidence of bot activity amplifying the phrase. As the phrase became popular on Twitter, it spread beyond the platform, appearing on YouTube and in two 4chan posts. It is also beginning to appear in public Facebook posts. Separating bot activity from genuine virality — particularly among pro-Trump social media users, who often operate in ways that look like bots — is difficult. Benchmarks vary, but, according to the Oxford Internet Institute’s Computational Propaganda team and the Atlantic Council’s Digital Forensic Research Lab, tweeting 50–72 times a day is suspicious, and tweeting more than 144 times a day is very suspicious.",tech
"AMAZONAS, Brazil — A fire that's been burning for six days is threatening to engulf the fields of the Amazonas region and the animals that live in them, along with the trees that have been supporting the indigenous people living on the land for generations. Members of the Tenharim indigenous group told BuzzFeed News that at least 10 separate fires have broken out in their territory, even as fire brigades they've organized have worked to put them out. According to them, the fire — whose origins have yet to be determined — has burned many of the animals that the tribe had previously hunted. ""We cannot say if the fire was started illegally,"" Chief Gilvan Tenharim told BuzzFeed News. ""But we can say this — it's hard for a fire to start from nothing. That fire came from somewhere."" Brazil nuts, which are produced on large trees common in northern Brazil and Bolivia, are a major source of income for the Tenharim. “My great-grandfather picked nuts here, my grandfather, my father. It is not just the fear of losing the Brazil nut, but this is the territory of my ancestors, where my ancestors lived,"" said Gilvan Tenharim, 30, the youngest of 12 local cacique, or chieftains. The chief pointed to his youngest son, 2-year-old Ivan Neto: ""I was picking chestnuts here when I was his size."" His family and the rest of the roughly 12,000 people living in the village of Campinho, in the Brazilian state of Amazonas, pick 700 canisters of Brazil nuts, each weighing around 40 pounds, each year. The nuts, which are sold to a distributor, make up the majority of the local income, along with cassava flour and açaí. Each of the area's ""Brazil nut spots,"" which are divided by family groups within the tribe, has 60 to 300 chestnut trees. The Tenharim's recent past has been filled with tragedy, beginning with their treatment by the group of white Brazilian rubber tappers that first contacted the indigenous tribe on the banks of the Marmelos River in 1950. They immediately exploited the locals, ",science
"Early in She Said, the new book by New York Times reporters Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey on their investigation into Harvey Weinstein, the reporters describe the way that ""he said, she said"" dynamics prevent stories of abuse from getting published and taken seriously. More than that, though, the authors suggest, telling stories through that prism does a disservice to the subject and reader, limiting the conversation to an up-down judgment, and stripping away larger questions and gray areas. Basically, there are ways to cover complex, political allegations that actually do damage themselves. Two new books by duos of New York Times reporters — Kantor and Twohey’s, and the lesser Education of Brett Kavanaugh — book offers a glimpse into these competing approaches. Called “an instant classic of investigative journalism” and a substitute for journalism school, She Said was received with rapturous applause upon its release this month. In riveting detail, Kantor and Twohey bring readers inside their process — the late-night drinks with sources to secure a paper trail, the uncomfortable doorstepping of victims, the fraught tug-of-war to try to get Hollywood’s biggest names to go on the record, the attempts by the Hollywood mogul and his team of enablers to shut the reporters down. The book reads like a manual of best practices, driven by the desire to protect the women who spoke to them and to see justice, knowing full well that accusations of sexual assault — difficult to prove because of their private nature and the feelings of shame they can engender, meaning a lack of witnesses and often a lack of contemporaneous corroborating accounts — can devolve into a ""he said, she said."" Instead, Kantor and Twohey focused on the settlements and flew around the world to speak to sources. They don’t shy from revealing their discomfort or missteps — like when one approached the husband of a potential source in his driveway and realized she had revealed the contours of a story the hus",reader
"""Everyone does. And don't be ashamed to call your parents. Even call them crying. Being away from home for the first time is exciting, but also scary. It's OK to need your parents."" —laurae486e9cb98 ""Chances are your parents nor your friends are qualified therapists, so use your school’s mental health resources to gain tools to help you adjust."" —vicandnoodles ""Don't feel like you have to do everything all the time. It's okay to turn down events and take some downtime."" —bethcox93 ""Some students only see their advisors when it’s time to pick classes, but they’re there to guide you too! Touch base with them when you’re feeling overwhelmed — they’ll usually have great advice."" —mh303 ""Don’t wait too long to see a therapist if your anxiety is debilitating. Therapy is so normal and helpful, and honestly it changed my life."" —megm48886fa52 ""Many counseling centers offer some free sessions for students, and will also be able to point you to other helpful local resources."" —brittanya4ea9eee09 ""Find somewhere on campus (or off, if you have the means) where you can go if you’re overwhelmed and need to be alone! At my college, hardly anyone goes to the third floor of the library, so if I need to take a breather, I’ll go up there."" —marysar ""I put so much pressure on myself for perfect grades that it became all I cared about. If I felt I wasn't going to get a 4.0, I essentially felt worthless and gave up. Don't punish yourself like that!"" —cbass2019 ""It could be a therapist, professor, religious leader, or college senior. Find someone that can pour into you and give you hope for the future."" —h3holdridge ""Freshman year, I just wouldn't do things if I couldn’t get a friend to go with me, which really held me back. Whether that’s joining a club, going to an event you’re interested in, or just running to the store, don't be afraid to go by yourself! This is your time to find what YOU like and who YOU are. Then naturally, you’ll find other people with similar interests."" —alys4b4e",health
"WASHINGTON — Democrats are getting increasingly worried that black Americans with an uneven voting history may tune out Democratic candidates in 2020, as fringe messaging campaigns and disinformation breed cynicism over what the party has done for black Americans. Democratic National Committee sources told BuzzFeed News the party is tracking a new set of loosely organized online movements that officials believe are trying to steer black voters away from the party or from voting altogether. The groups are varied in their approach, but share a common thread of deep suspicion of the Democratic Party and an apparent determination to seize upon the hypersensitive political moment in a country with a deeply troubled racial past. The party is paying particular attention to the American Descendants of Slavery, or ADOS, a group that believes reparations should be paid solely to Americans who can trace their lineage back to people who were themselves enslaved (the group had previously been under suspicion being made up of bots); Blexit, a new outfit led by young black conservatives arguing a vote for Donald Trump is a vote against widespread immigration and abortion standing in the way of black middle class family values; and Foundational Black Americans, an ADOS rival founded by independent filmmaker Tariq Nasheed. The groups want black voters to “freely think” about the impact of decadeslong loyalty to the Democratic Party, even as black leaders have been at war with the party for years over resources and inclusion. Democrats often repeat the refrain that the party would never take black voters for granted. Inside the party, though, political advisers think it’s likelier than not that most marginal voters (Obama voters who skipped the midterms) and sporadic voters (those who are harder to persuade) have had at least some exposure to an anti–Democratic Party message. In some cases, party officials said, black Americans' dim view of the job Democrats have done governing in re",politics
"Twitter revealed a long-awaited political ads policy on Friday that banned paid content from candidates, political parties, and government officials, but allowed advertisers to raise awareness around certain causes including environmental issues and social equity. The policy, which will go into effect next week, will prohibit political ads that reference candidates, parties, government officials, ballot measures, legislation, regulation, directives, or judicial outcomes. It will also ban ads that appeal for votes or solicit financial support for political causes. When CEO Jack Dorsey announced the company’s initial plan last month, critics wondered how Twitter would define paid political content, much less enforce a complete ban on it. Its policy, however, carves out certain exemptions — including some for news publishers — and will allow for companies and organizations to run ads that advocate for certain causes with some restrictions. BuzzFeed News had previously reported about Twitter’s plans through discussions the San Francisco-based company was having with advertisers. In those meetings earlier this month, Twitter staffers suggested that ads that spread awareness about issues of national significance would still be allowed, while those advocating for candidates or legislation would be banned. In a call with reporters on Friday, Twitter’s senior leadership acknowledged that the policy would evolve over time and that the company, which will use a combination of algorithms and human moderators to flag prohibited political ads, will run into problems. “We’re absolutely going to make mistakes here,” said Vijaya Gadde, Twitter’s legal and policy head. “But we firmly believe that it’s better for us to start getting it right and giving people ways to tell us how it’s wrong.” In the US, the company said that advertisements from political action committees and tax-exempt social welfare organizations, or 501(c)(4)s, would be prohibited. Twitter will allow, however, adver",tech
"Jeffrey Epstein gave more money to science after his conviction than previously acknowledged, including to famous researchers, leading universities, an independent artificial-intelligence pioneer, and even a far-right YouTuber who took Epstein’s money to make videos on neuroscience. An extensive BuzzFeed News review of Epstein’s donations, public acknowledgments of funding, and meetings that happened after his release from jail shows that his links to top scientists continued after he was convicted for sex crimes in 2008. Epstein’s scientific friends, including Harvard mathematical biologist Martin Nowak and celebrity physicist Lawrence Krauss, introduced him to other leading scientists after his release from jail. The full extent of Epstein’s largesse may be millions of dollars higher than the sums recorded by his foundations in filings to the IRS because Epstein’s philanthropy is entangled with that of his billionaire associate Leon Black. Epstein, who killed himself in a Manhattan federal detention center while facing charges of trafficking dozens of underage girls for sex, loved to hang out with scientists and fund their work. “As some collect butterflies, he collects beautiful minds,” a 2002 New York magazine profile noted. After Epstein’s 2008 conviction for soliciting a minor for prostitution, which saw him serve just 13 months in a Florida jail, some intellectuals cut ties with him. “I told JE explicitly that I could not and would not accept any further support from him,” Howard Gardner, a Harvard University specialist in cognitive science and education who thanked Epstein in a 2005 book for research support and “valued friendship,” told BuzzFeed News by email. But Epstein continued to court other scientists, some of whom remained willing to take his money. Our list of Epstein’s post-conviction scientific associates is almost certainly incomplete — his foundations touted support for many projects that could not be corroborated, and some tax filings seem to b",science
"“It’s like being hit by lightning,” author Jean Kwok told me from her home in the Netherlands over the phone in September. “It was a career-changing, life-changing event.” In June of this year, Kwok’s third novel, Searching for Sylvie Lee, received the golden ticket upon its release: It was the Read With Jenna pick of the month. For a book club that only started in March — when Jenna Bush Hager was named the Today show’s new fourth-hour cohost with Hoda Kotb — Read With Jenna has proven to be a force in the world of publishing. For Kwok, Hager’s approval meant that by the end of the day, after being announced as the book club’s next pick, Sylvie Lee had moved up to No. 3 on Amazon’s list of top-selling books. It became an instant New York Times bestseller, and as of Sept. 9, the book is in its sixth printing. While those numbers were impressive, Hager’s pick also meant that for the month of June, the avid Today show audience — which averages 4 million people and is composed of — a demographic of adults ages 25–54, would be thinking about her work. “For a book like mine, which I think has multiple entry points,” Kwok said, “you could read it just for the story, as a kind of suspense novel, but it also has a lot of layers about immigration and race.” The community for Read With Jenna is growing exponentially on Facebook — it’s tripled from 5,000 followers in June to 15,000 followers now — and on Instagram (where it has 42,500 followers). And as the month went on, Kwok found the club to be a beautiful thing. She noticed in the Facebook community “people love reading together, and they say that they’re reading books that they never would’ve picked by themselves. There’s also a lot of people that will say they haven’t read in a very long time — if ever — and the book club has brought them back to reading.” At the end of June, Kwok appeared on Today’s Instagram Live and answered questions from readers. She was also interviewed on Today by Hager and Maria Shriver. It was a",reader
"Papua New Guinea has doubled down on its continued detention of 53 men who were held on Manus Island by the Australian government, including some who have been approved for medical evacuation to Australia. Officials from Australia’s home affairs department said on Monday that PNG was refusing to release a man who had been approved for a medical transfer, despite a number of requests from the Australian government. The man is currently being detained at the new Bomana Immigration Centre in Port Moresby. ""They have advised that they have their own medical provider, and [the man] has been assessed as being able to receive treatment in Papua New Guinea,"" department senior assistant secretary Alana Sullivan said. Under Australia’s medevac law, the man must be transferred to Australia promptly. At least two other men detained in Bomana have been approved for transfer, according to doctors and lawyers working on medevac transfers. Executive director of Refugee Legal David Manne told BuzzFeed News at least one of his clients in Bomana had been approved for an urgent transfer in relation to ""acute medical issues"". ""[He] is being prevented from departing Papua New Guinea to get the treatment that he so desperately needs,"" Manne said. ""It continues to leave him in an extremely precarious and dangerous position."" On Wednesday, PNG's chief migration officer Solomon Kantha issued a defiant statement claiming the 53 men detained at Bomana are failed asylum seekers who are receiving adequate healthcare. Kantha said detainees had access to a high standard of health and support services. He said primary health was provided on site and, if required, detainees could be taken off site for specialist care. ""In all circumstances, [the Immigration Citizenship Authority (ICA)] relies on the advice of medical professionals and treating doctors located here in Papua New Guinea,"" Kantha said. ""ICA continues to facilitate medical evacuations where our health service provider advises that treatm",health
"For about a year, a Twitter account named Beto’s Spotify would tweet songs Beto O’Rourke might be listening to — an ironic parody run by a supporter of the candidate's. The day O’Rourke dropped out of the presidential race, unexpectedly and late on a Friday, the account broke from the norm: “Y’all, what do we do now.” A few days later, another tweet appeared: “i thought i’d gotten over beto dropping out. but i just dyed my hair black so, maybe i’m not over it yet.” Candidates' superfans, or stans, have become ubiquitous on Twitter — a new daily part of doing business in politics. People build fandoms around everything from sets of policies to how many languages a candidate can work into a press gaggle. And once the stans settle in, they’re defending their candidate from any slight, especially criticism from other candidates’ fans. Each day might bring a battle between different factions, or send a deluge of intense criticism toward a single person in politics or media. And unlike pop culture, where the musicians don't stop their campaigns, when candidates like O’Rourke or Kamala Harris end their candidacies, the fandom comes to a sudden halt. The dynamic can turn especially toxic — with stans, the media, and all kinds of users picking through the reasons for the failed bid, and the candidate’s most dedicated supporters can be on the receiving end of taunting and recruitment from opposing candidates’ stans. “When he announced that he was dropping out, I think all of us were just shocked, it happened so suddenly that we didn’t even have time to react,” said Alyssa, the 19-year-old from North Dakota behind Beto’s Spotify. “Especially since, for a lot of us, he was the only one we really were rooting for.” At first, “I didn’t believe it actually,” said Jade, a 25-year-old Harris supporter in Tennessee who didn’t want to share her last name because she'd made an anonymous Twitter account. “People are really devastated, a lot of the #KHive are women of color,” she added, ",politics
"A day on the internet can feel like a year, and as Very Online people we barely remember 2018. But luckily the folks at independent democracy and free expression watchdog Freedom House don't have this problem. They mapped internet freedom in Australia over the year from June 2018 to May 2019 — and found that it declined. New restrictions on the online content Australians can access, legal changes affecting online expression, and a significant cyber attack mean we've dropped two points on their scoring system, down from 79 to 77 out of 100, despite having generally good access to the internet because of prices and infrastructure. These are the five key developments for Australia's internet freedom from the past year, according to the watchdog's new report. In the wake of the Christchurch mosque shooting in March, a group of Australian internet service providers (ISPs) voluntarily blocked access to 43 websites hosting the video of the attack or the shooter's manifesto, including 4chan, 8chan and LiveLeak.  In September, the eSafety commissioner, Australia's internet watchdog, used her power for the first time to direct ISPs to block websites. She ordered ISPs to stop Australians from accessing eight unknown websites that continued to host Christchurch content, allowing them to lift their previous voluntary restrictions. Tech executives could go to jail and their companies fined billions of dollars under new laws passed by the Australian Parliament in April 2019. The eSafety commissioner now has the power to give notice to sites and ISPs that they're hosting ""abhorrent violent material"", videos depicting rape, murder, terrorism, kidnap or torture. If they don't act quickly enough, people can go to jail for up to three years, or a company could be fined up to 10% of its annual global turnover. Australia's cyber intelligence agency declared a cyber attack on Australia's parliamentary computing network (including networks of its three biggest political parties) was the co",tech
"Democratic National Committee members on Saturday voted 222–137 to reject a resolution that would have effectively allowed the party's presidential candidates to hold a debate dedicated to climate change. The contentious vote on the last day of the DNC’s August meeting in San Francisco follows months of growing pressure for a climate debate from Democratic presidential candidates and climate activists nationwide. Earlier in the week, the DNC’s resolution committee voted through a resolution that was updated to encourage “candidates to participate in multi-candidate issue-specific forums with the candidates appearing on the same stage, engaging one another in discussion” — effectively opening the door for a climate debate. On Saturday, this resolution went up for a larger vote but ultimately was squashed. (A separate resolution more directly calling for a climate debate had been rejected earlier in the meeting.) The calls for a climate debate originated in April, when Washington Gov. Jay Inslee, who dropped out of the presidential race just this week, pitched the idea. DNC Chair Tom Perez initially shot down the suggestion, arguing such a move would open the floodgates for other single-issue debates. Perez also warned that candidates who participated in a third-party climate debate would be barred from participating in the next DNC-sponsored one. While the DNC has received requests for other single-issue debates, such as on anti-corruption and seniors' issues, the support for one focused on climate is unmatched in both tenor and magnitude. The Democratic presidential field has largely endorsed the climate debate idea, including top polling candidates such as former vice president Joe Biden and Sens. Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders, which is not true of any other issue. That’s because many of these candidates are on the record calling climate change the most pressing issue. In Sanders’ new climate plan, he refers to the climate crisis as the “single greatest chall",science
"My friend H. was patient zero for our Tegan and Sara fandom. It was 2001 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada’s notoriously clean and bland capital, and we were in the 10th grade. H., whose singing voice was otherworldly, had found her way into a sorta-band with a girl who was older than us, cooler, and gay, and I suspect that she was the original source for the good word. Tegan and Sara, T & S — queer identical twins from Calgary who were slapping out songs on acoustic guitar that were everything we wanted: pretty and pissy and real. At 21, Tegan and Sara were only six years older than us — a degree of adulthood that seemed aspirational. They’d made and released their first album, Under Feet Like Ours, independently when they were just 19 and signed with Neil Young’s Vapor Records shortly thereafter. Their second record, This Business of Art, came out in 2000, and in 2001 the label rereleased the twins’ indie debut. My friend A. burned copies for me, printing off a black-and-white inkjet cover with a quote from Tegan: “When it’s all said and done, I’m still gonna be a girl, I’m still gonna be young, and I’m still gonna be a twin ... people are either gonna like the music or not.” I was teaching myself to play guitar poorly, and A. was actually good. We started learning all the T&S songs we could, spending hours working out harmonies, trying to sound both more and less like them. After their initial indie rise in Canada, Tegan and Sara’s breakout moment came in 2005 when their fourth studio album, So Jealous, was featured no fewer than six times on the first season of Grey’s Anatomy. For the next dozen years, the band delivered records at a respectable pace of once every three or so years — The Con (2007), Sainthood (2009), Heartthrob (2013), and Love You to Death (2016). With each entry in their oeuvre, Tegan and Sara settled into something glossier and more unabashedly pop. They opened for Katy Perry and shared stages with Taylor Swift. They won Junos (the Canadian equivale",reader
"The Australian government has lost its bid to stop refugees held in offshore detention from asking the Federal Court to order their transfer to another country for medical treatment. The decision, handed down on Wednesday, also clarifies that refugees cannot explicitly ask to be transferred to Australia. Since December 2017, refugee lawyers have brought more than 50 cases in the Federal Court seeking transfers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea for medical treatment. The cases have been a thorn in the government's side. Refugee lawyers have succeeded in every instance, either through a court-ordered transfer or the government agreeing to a transfer once a case has been filed. Since the medevac law created a new process for ill refugees to be transferred to Australia, the cases have slowed down. But if the government succeeds in repealing medevac, litigation could again become an important weapon in refugee lawyers’ arsenals. In a hearing in May, the government asked the Federal Court to find it was barred from hearing the cases. It pointed to a provision in the Migration Act which says the court can't hear cases relating to the exercise of certain government powers. Three judges of the Federal Court ruled on Wednesday that they do have jurisdiction to hear these cases, but that refugees cannot specifically ask to be transferred to Australia. A government victory would have meant that cases could only be brought in the High Court of Australia. The three judges looked at whether four cases concerning children detained on Nauru — considered to be broadly representative of the 50 — had been validly brought in the court. In each case, lawyers argued the government owed a common law duty of care to the refugees held offshore, which meant they were obliged to take them somewhere they could get adequate healthcare. In two of the cases, lawyers asked for their clients to be transferred somewhere with specific medical facilities not on Nauru – such as a specialist child mental h",health
"Sen. Cory Booker’s first reaction to Kamala Harris dropping out of the presidential race this week was “anger,” he said Wednesday morning. “I’ve seen the bile, the anger, from my family members, to people in the Congressional Black Caucus, to leaders of color across this country who just don’t understand how we’ve gotten to a point now where there’s more billionaires in the 2020 race than there are black people,” he said on BuzzFeed News’ AM to DM. Harris dropped out of the Democratic presidential primary on Tuesday, facing both fundraising trouble and disarray within her own campaign. ""My campaign for president simply doesn’t have the financial resources we need to continue,” Harris said in announcing her exit. Her departure leaves Booker and former Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick as the only black candidates in the 15-person race. There are two billionaires currently in the primary: Tom Steyer and Michael Bloomberg. Her exit from the race has frustrated other minority candidates in the presidential race, as well as some black and Latino activists. Julián Castro on Tuesday night told BuzzFeed News he believes the media held Harris to “a different standard.” Booker and Castro both expressed particular frustration with the ability of billionaire candidates like Steyer and Bloomberg to stay in the race. Steyer, unlike Booker or Castro, has qualified for December’s primary debate. Booker lamented the dynamic “at a time when one of the very themes of the Democratic Party is that billionaires and millionaires shouldn’t shape the rules to benefit them.” The Democratic field should be more oriented, he thought, toward “folks like Kamala, who have authentic connections to millions of voters around this country.” Booker has not yet caught on in the presidential race. He’s currently polling at an average of 2% nationally — he has until Dec. 12 to both get more than 200,000 donors for his campaign and four polls showing him with at least 4% support to meet the Democratic ",politics
"From the very first questions that Republicans asked in the first public hearing in the impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump on Wednesday, it was clear that a core part of the proceedings will not be about determining whether the president committed an impeachable offense. Instead, it will be an example of the damage that years of right-wing misinformation has done to the highest levels of the country’s political system. Many of the questions from the House Intelligence Committee left Bill Taylor, the acting ambassador to Ukraine, and George Kent, a senior state department official, in disoriented silence. In their opening statements, both Rep. Adam Schiff, the Democratic chair of the Intelligence Committee, and the committee’s vice chair, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, brought up elements of the prominent, but baseless, CrowdStrike conspiracy theory that a cybersecurity firm attempted to cover up evidence that Ukraine tried to meddle in the 2016 presidential election. Whereas Schiff’s questions seemed framed to establish that Trump and his allies spent years chasing rumors, Nunes and the other Republicans on the Intelligence Committee staked much of their time on nonsense yanked from conservative Facebook groups and hyperpartisan news sites. “Trump then requested that Zelensky investigate a discredited 2016 CrowdStrike conspiracy theory and, even more ominously, look into the Bidens,” Schiff said. “Neither of these investigations was in the US national interest.” ""This is a carefully orchestrated media smear campaign,"" Nunes said. ""Now they accuse Trump of malfeasance in Ukraine, when they themselves are culpable."" There is one America that believes what was in former FBI director Robert Mueller’s report, that there was coordinated Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, which helped the Trump campaign. But there is a second America that believes that in the summer of 2016, the Democratic National Committee colluded with Ukrainian nationals",tech
"Illinois officials reported on Friday that a patient with severe lung damage linked to vaping has died, the latest news in an outbreak likely affecting more than 190 people nationwide. “The severity of illness people are experiencing is alarming and we must get the word out that using e-cigarettes and vaping can be dangerous,” said Ngozi Ezike of the Illinois Department of Public Health in a statement on the death. CDC officials upped the number of possible cases in the outbreak to 193 patients on Friday, up from 153 reported earlier in the week. Illinois officials have not released the name, age, or gender of the person who died, saying only that the person is an adult. “Reported cases have reported e-cigarette product use or vaping,” the CDC’s Ileana Arias said at a news briefing. She stressed the link to vaping was still a potential one in many cases, not confirmed. Another CDC official, Brian King, deputy director of the Office on Smoking and Health, suggested that it is possible similar injuries have gone unreported in past years and the current glare of publicity is only now bringing attention to lung injuries related to vaping. The outbreak of severe lung injuries linked to vaping started earlier this summer and has spread to 22 states, largely among teens and young adults. The hospitalized patients reported difficulty breathing and chest pains, some requiring ventilators to breathe. The cause of the outbreak is a mystery, but does not seem tied to an infectious disease. Many of the patients reported vaping oils containing THC, the marijuana ingredient that gets you high, just before the symptoms started. Investigators are looking at the vaping oils used by patients, as well as the types of devices they used, according to FDA official Mitch Zeller. “We find ourselves in the early stages of these investigations trying to piece together the facts,” said Zeller, asking for patience. “At times we are reliant on case reporting that is incomplete.” For the last dec",science
"My editor, loath though I am to hear it, routinely tells me that typing I TOLD YOU SO is not a great way to start an article. But how else do you expect me to jump into a conversation about Justin Trudeau? Our Nice Guy, cutie-patootie, gelled-hair, blue-eyes-like-the-deepest-ocean prime minister, who plenty of Canadians (me, I am talking about me) told you was actually far from the progressive sweetheart he presents himself to be. (Even BuzzFeed was not immune.) Our time to gloat has finally come. He’s been revealing in the past, but most people chose to ignore it: like when he sniped at an Indigenous activist asking him for clean water or when he was accused of applying political pressure on the attorney general (the first Indigenous justice minister ever) to defer prosecution against a major engineering and construction firm based out of Quebec and, look, we’re both bored now, so let’s get to the blackface. Did we expect the latest news coming out of Canada to be that Trudeau is embroiled in some racist scandal? Not specifically — and this is about as mundane as racist acts go — but clearly only because he lacks imagination. The real question isn’t “How did this even happen?” but rather “How did it take so long for someone to dig this up?” Yesterday afternoon, Time published a photo from a 2000–2001 private high school yearbook showing Trudeau, who was then a 29-year-old English teacher at this school, wearing brownface for an “Arabian Nights”–themed party, replete with a turban and Genie-esque cinched robes. Hours later, a photo of him in blackface from his own high school yearbook went public too. Then, my god, another photo showing him at that same “Arabian Nights” party in brownface flanked by two Sikh men also appeared online. Then, a video of him in blackface was published by the Global News. In one evening, Trudeau went from Our Prime Minister Who Has Never Worn Blackface to Our Prime Minister Who Has Worn It More Than Once. I mean, who has the time? Is thi",reader
"I always found it kind of weird when headlines would market celebrities as ""brave"" for not wearing makeup or for being proud of their natural bodies. In my opinion, it's condescending. Using the word ""brave"" in that sense insinuates that it takes courage to do it or that it's out of the ordinary, and that should not be the case. Well, apparently I'm not the only one who feels this way. In a recent interview with Glamour, Lizzo opened up about her distaste for the word. ""I don’t like it when people think it’s hard for me to see myself as beautiful. I don’t like it when people are shocked that I’m doing it."" ""When people look at my body and be like, ‘Oh my God, she’s so brave,’ it’s like, ‘No I’m not. I’m just fine. I’m just me. I’m just sexy.’"" And sex appeal is one department Lizzo definitely isn't lacking in! From her high-energy performance at the 2019 VMAs to her amazing sense of style, LIZZO IS 100% THAT BITCH! It only takes 10 seconds to look at Lizzo's Instagram to see she's her biggest fan, so why don't other celebrities get celebrated for their ""body positivity"" like she does? ""If you saw Anne Hathaway in a bikini on a billboard, you wouldn't call her brave. I just think there's a double standard when it comes to women.” Lizzo believes modeling agencies played a role in the narrative shaped around beauty, but feels the internet and social media have done an amazing job of changing that. ""If you want to see somebody who's beautiful who looks like you, go on the Internet and just type something in. Type in 'thick thighs' or 'back fat.' You'll find yourself reflected. That's what I did to help find the beauty in myself."" ""Let's just make space for these women. Make space for me. Make space for this generation of artists who are really fearless in self-love."" To read more, check out Lizzo's full Glamour interview. And remember, not all positive words are compliments.",health
"Former housing secretary Julián Castro said Sen. Kamala Harris’s bid for president was hampered by the media treating candidates of color differently, speaking after Harris ended her presidential campaign on Tuesday. “To me, they held her to a different standard, a double standard, to other campaigns. And I don’t know if it impacted her decision to withdraw from the race or not, but I’m sure it didn’t help,” Castro, the only Latino candidate running for president, told BuzzFeed News on Tuesday night. “This was a narrative from very early on. … From the earliest critique that she has no black support, the [Congressional Black Caucus] is going other directions. It’s just holding people to different standards,” he said. Castro specifically criticized recent reporting which revealed disarray and grievances within Harris’s campaign, citing several staffers’ own criticisms of how the campaign was being run and including on-record comments from close supporters. “I was disappointed by the treatment her campaign got especially during the last seven days, when you had the Washington Post, New York Times, and Politico writing very gossipy-sounding big articles trashing the campaign,” Castro said. Asked why he thought those stories were unfair, given that dozens of Harris staffers spoke out about the state of the campaign, he said, “Sourcing in journalism, just because somebody is willing to talk doesn’t mean that reflects a reality or that necessarily gives it front-page coverage in your publication,” he said. “Donald Trump was very willing to talk to journalists in 2015 and ‘16 and because of that journalists gave him a lot of coverage. There has to be more responsibility in the profession than that.” Castro also spoke about Harris’s exit in a video tweeted by his campaign staff: After a strong start to her campaign, Harris struggled to gain traction over the summer despite a few significant moments, like her exchange with former vice president Joe Biden about race and segre",politics
"BBC News reporters have expressed strong dismay after the UK public broadcaster’s in-house commercial team posted sponsored content it produced for Huawei, the controversial Chinese telecommunications giant. Videos and a stand-alone website WhoIsHuawei.com to promote the “real story” of the company have been made by the BBC’s sponsored content team, StoryWorks. The new BBC campaign was announced in July this year in what the company admitted at the time was an effort to rebrand Huawei and ""prevent misinformation"". This week, Huawei and BBC StoryWorks began posting the content to Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube, beginning with a five-minute video introducing the company. The description from Huawei read: “BBC StoryWorks brings you the real story of #Huawei Founder & CEO #RenZhengfei. It’s a 30-year journey marked with many #challenges and culminating in the company’s transformation into a global tech leader.” The same message was shared on Huawei’s YouTube channel, and the company also bought advertising on Twitter to ensure the video found its way into the timelines of Twitter users. The video shows a series of people delivering gushing testimonials about Huawei and the company’s CEO, Ren Zhengfei, backed by what sounds like Hans Zimmer’s score from the 2010 film Inception. It ends with a call to visit WhoIsHuawei.com and the Huawei logo alongside the BBC’s StoryWorks logo against a black background. The WhoIsHuawei.com link redirects to a site at BBC.com, which is geo-blocked to UK IP addresses. UK visitors to the website are instead shown a spinning dandelion and the message: “We're sorry but this site is not accessible from the UK as it is part of our international service and is not funded by the licence fee. BBC StoryWorks is the content-marketing division of BBC Global News Ltd, a commercial company owned by the BBC (and just the BBC).” Behind the geo-block, visitors could read more glowing, uncritical, BBC-branded content about Huawei. “What brave new paths wi",tech
"SÃO PAULO — Brazil's government has offered up several explanations for the record number of fires that have been burning through the Amazon rainforest for weeks, including a theory from the country's president that environmental NGOs could have set the blazes to embarrass him. But scientific data and experts point out that — counter to recent claims from the far-right government's environment minister — 2019 isn't actually a year of extreme drought. If that were the case, the number of forest fires would actually be double what we're seeing today. According to data from the Amazon Environmental Research Institute (IPAM), there's been a 70% increase in fires in the rainforest this year compared to the same time last August, during the year's most intense period of drought. And compared to 2016, the year when the drought was most severe overall, there was a 23% growth in fires this year, according to IPAM's data. ""What our analysis shows is that the increase in the number of outbreaks of fire is strictly associated with the amount of deforestation that has occurred in the Amazon,"" IPAM's scientific director, Ane Alencar, told BuzzFeed News. Fire season in the Amazon tends to occur every year, with the most severe incidents taking place between August and October. But unlike the Cerrado, Brazil's tropical grasslands, the Amazon's thickly packed vegetation — which traps moisture and keeps the rainforest from drying out — makes it very difficult to have an outbreak of fires that aren't caused by humans. The risk of fires in the region is usually worse during El Niño years when vegetation tends to be extra dry — but 2019 was not one of those years. Brazil's Environmental Minister Ricardo Salles, who last year said that climate change was a ""secondary"" concern for him, claimed on Twitter that ""dry weather, wind and heat"" had caused the fires to increase. Instead, according to IPAM, 99% of the fires in the Amazon were likely set by humans. Alencar said the number of fires ",science
"On a morning like most, I sit beside Mama at the dining room table, eating my bowl of Sugar Frosted Flakes and watching her work. She’s on the telephone, its receiver in the crook of her neck as she records her customer’s three-digit bets in a spiral notebook, repeating each one. The crystal chandelier blazes above. “Five-four-two for a quarter. Six-nine-three straight for fifty cents. Is this both races, Miss Queenie? Detroit and Pontiac? Okay. Three-eight-eight straight for a quarter. Uh-huh. Four-seven-five straight for fifty cents. One-ten boxed for a dollar.” Mama writes the numbers 110, draws a box around them, hesitates. “You know, I got customers been playing one-ten all week. Yeah, it’s a fancy number. Oh did you? What’d you dream? He was a hunchback? Is that what The Red Devil dream book say it play for? Now that I didn’t know. I know theater plays for one ten. Well, I can take it for a dollar, but since it’s a fancy, I can’t take it for more than that. You understand. What else, Miss Queenie? Six-eight-four for fifty cents boxed, uh-huh. Nine-seven-two straight for a dollar.” I find comfort in Mama’s voice, in the familiar, rhythmic recitation of numbers. I bring the bowl to my lips and drink the last of the sweetened milk before I rise and kiss Mama’s forehead. She mouths “Bye-bye” as I join my sister Rita, who’s waiting on the porch; together we walk three long blocks to Winterhalter Elementary and Junior High School, passing by the lush Russell Woods Park. I’m a first grader. In class, I wait in line to show my teacher, Miss Miller, my assignment. We’ve had to color paper petals, cut them out, and paste them onto a picture of a flower. I like mine, as I’ve glued each one just at the base, so that the petals now reach out, into a pop-up flower. Miss Miller looks over my work, gives it one star instead of two, and stops me before I can return to my seat. “You sure do have a lot of shoes,” she says. Last week, she asked what my father did for a living, an",reader
"You probably recognize him from stuff like Teen Wolf, American Horror Story, and Arrow. Fans also shared comments, calling him ""truly inspirational"" for sharing his vulnerabilities. You know Colton Haynes. Last week, in an incredibly honest post, the actor opened up about his struggles with addiction, depression, social media, and more. He wrote, ""Throwback. I don’t want worrying about if I look hot or not on Instagram to be my legacy. I don’t want to skirt around the truth to please other people or to gain economic success. I have far more important things to say than what magazine I just shot for or what TV show I’m a part of (although I’m very thankful I still get to do what I love)."" ""I no longer want to project a curated life. I get immense joy when someone comes up to me & says that my willingness to open up about depression, anxiety, alcoholism, & addiction has helped them in some way."" ""I’ve struggled the past year with trying to find my voice and where I fit in & that has been the most beautiful struggle I’ve ever had to go through."" ""Worrying about what time to post on social media so I can maximize my likes or being mad at myself that I don’t look the same way I did when I was addicted to pills is a complete waste of why I was put on this earth."" ""I’m posting these photos to let y’all in on my truth. I’m so grateful to be where I am now (a year after these photos were taken) but, man, these times were dark."" ""I’m a human being with flaws just like you. If you're in the middle of the dark times...I promise you it doesn’t have to last forever. Love y’all ❤️."" Dozens of celebs — including Serena Williams, Justin Baldoni, Lisa Rinna, and more — praised Colton for his candor. It's so refreshing to see celebs use their platform to shine light on tough issues and be honest on social media. Thanks for opening up, Colton ❤️.",health
"Tom Steyer says Michael Bloomberg should have to get out there and campaign. Over the last decade, Steyer has spent extensively on political initiatives — mostly concerning climate change and impeachment. Since the last Democratic debate, however, he's been joined in the presidential race by another billionaire with a similar emphasis on climate change: Michael Bloomberg, the former mayor of New York. In a wide-ranging interview Tuesday afternoon, Steyer discussed the Green New Deal (on the whole, he said, it's great, even if he doesn't agree with every last detail), nuclear power and carbon capture technology (they haven't yet been proven to be as effective and clean as other methods, he said), impeachment potentially interfering with the schedules of senators running for president (they have a job to do, he said), and the general election map next year (he thinks Mark Kelly should win Arizona's Senate race). “Look, the only thing I’ve said about Mike is that if you want to be the nominee of the Democratic Party,"" Steyer said, ""you have to embrace a wealth tax, particularly if you’re as rich as Mike Bloomberg. Period."" Since he entered the race, Bloomberg has spent tens of millions of dollars on television ads. (Steyer himself has also spent heavily on advertising this year.) But with his late entrance and political strategy, Bloomberg will likely skip the Democratic debates and retail-oriented states like Iowa. Asked about the big buy, Steyer said Bloomberg needed to actually campaign in front of real voters. “I think if you want to be president of the United States, you should have to go out and look Americans in the eye and listen to what they have to say,"" he said. “I think it’s completely different to look somebody in the eye,” he went on, “and hear them tell you the reality of their life and take it in as a person than from either reading it in, you know, some quality publication, seeing your timeline. I’m not trying to be a snob, it’s just, you know, I belie",politics
"By the summer of 2016, Facebook was aggressively courting the world’s most populous country. Having largely saturated most of the developed world, the social network turned its attention to China, which banned Facebook in 2009, cutting it off from more than 700 million internet users. So like any shrewd businessperson, Mark Zuckerberg embarked on a concerted charm offensive to court Beijing. He taught himself Mandarin and then used it to deliver a well-received speech at China's Tsinghua University. He touted Chinese science fiction books to his Facebook followers and posted a photo of himself jogging through a smog-filled Tiananmen Square. And he reportedly asked Chinese President Xi Jinping to bestow an honorary name on his then-unborn daughter during a White House dinner. As Facebook’s chief wooed the Chinese government publicly with demonstrations of deference and appeasement, he was quietly working to close an acquisition deal with a Shanghai-based startup that, had it been consummated, would have reshaped the social media landscape as much as the social network’s purchase of Instagram or WhatsApp had. Zuckerberg wanted Musical.ly, a Chinese lip-synching app that was popular among American teens and, according to three people familiar with the conversations, Facebook spent much of the second half of 2016 trying to make that happen. In August that year, Zuckerberg invited Musical.ly cofounder Alex Zhu to Facebook’s Menlo Park, California, headquarters for a handful of exploratory talks with his team including then–Instagram CEO Kevin Systrom and Javier Olivan, Facebook’s vice president of growth. The following month, a Facebook team traveled to Shanghai to continue those conversations, this time with both Zhu and fellow cofounder Louis Yang. Sources said the talks were serious, though a deal never materialized. Some 14 months later, Chinese conglomerate ByteDance acquired Musical.ly for around $800 million. It later merged the app with the already existent TikTo",tech
"As climate change continues to roll along, the world is watching weather-related records fall and long-predicted catastrophes take place. Here’s a look at the mess we’re in right now. NASA called it a “major melting event.” A European heat wave at the end of July scorched Greenland, where the melting surface ice records have fallen, according to the National Snow and Ice Data Center. From July 30 to Aug. 3, about 55 billion tons melted and ran off from Greenland — more than twice the average of past decades — and 90% of its surface felt temperatures above freezing. On the plus side, 2019 is not looking likely to beat the loss from 2012, the record year for total ice melt from Greenland and the wider Arctic. Ice loss from Greenland is a bigger worry for coastlines worldwide than floating sea ice because it contributes to sea level rise. Nevertheless, it's worth noting that the Arctic sea ice covering the ocean in July was the lowest ever seen in 29 years of satellite measurement. Along with melting ice, the Arctic is also seeing record numbers of wildfires, with more than 100 long-lived ones this summer, according to the Copernicus Atmosphere Monitoring Service. Often ignited by burning peat deposits, they released more than 50 megatons of carbon into the atmosphere in June, more than Arctic wildfires released in total over the preceding eight years. Most severe in Alaska and Siberia, the fires are unusually flaring up in June, ahead of the heart of the wildfire season. ""Arctic wildfires are especially worrisome as particulate matter is more likely to settle on icy areas,"" noted the weather service in a statement. ""This darkens the ice, leading to sunlight being absorbed rather than reflected, which could exacerbate global warming."" While the world fiddles, the Amazon is burning and Brazil’s National Institute for Space Research is reporting a record of nearly 73,000 fires this year, up 80% from last year. Deforestation for cattle ranches appears to be a big culprit,",science
"You can’t really blame journalist and activist Lauren Duca for being a little nervous about agreeing to an interview. When I first asked to profile her in advance of her new book, How to Start a Revolution: Young People and the Future of American Politics, I did it over Twitter DM. She agreed, but seemed to get anxious as we got closer to settling on a meeting time. “Hold on lol,” she wrote. “Are you not following me? Feels like that would be helpful for a profile. And, not gonna lie, that makes me a bit apprehensive!” When we eventually met in person in mid-August, she clarified the source of her anxiety a bit more. “I assumed it meant you were one of my haters,” she said. “There’s a level of reasonable paranoia. It’s weird being public-facing. It’s weird to interact with an idea of you.” In her short professional life, Duca has been held up as both a feminist icon of her generation and a phony quasi-journalist who has taken advantage of a few lucky moments in her life. The truth, it seems, just depends on what version of herself she allows you to see. Over the past few years, Duca has become one of the most recognizable faces among a specific type of progressive white feminist, pussyhat-wearing activist-journalist — less a singular person than a representative of a particular corner of the #resistance. After working as a Teen Vogue columnist, a Twitter personality, a television talking head, and, most recently, an author writing about democracy and citizenship, the highs and lows of the viral economy seem to be taking their toll on her. In all likelihood, you first heard of Duca as the young woman who called Tucker Carlson “a sexist pig” during a 2016 Fox News appearance. In the 10-minute segment on his show, Duca debated Carlson on whether people should feel free to yell at Ivanka Trump when they see her on a commercial flight. Carlson, who appeared to be loudly melting down during the segment, eventually snapped at Duca, “You should stick to the thigh-high boots",reader
,health
"WASHINGTON — The impeachment of President Donald Trump hit a milestone Monday as the House Intelligence Committee released a report that found ""overwhelming"" evidence of misconduct and concluded that the president ""ordered the suspension"" of congressionally approved military aid to Ukraine to try to benefit himself politically. After weeks of closed-door depositions followed by public hearings, the committee has concluded there is definitive evidence that Trump withheld military aid from Ukraine, as well as a visit for Ukraine's president to the White House, while demanding the country publicly launch an investigation into former vice president Joe Biden and his family in order to benefit Trump's 2020 campaign. While the report doesn't explicitly state that the House should impeach Trump — that decision will be up to the House Judiciary Committee — it found ""significant misconduct on the part of the President of the United States"" and concluded that ""President Trump compromised national security to advance his personal political interests.” “Donald J. Trump, the 45th President of the United States—acting personally and through his agents within and outside of the U.S. government—solicited the interference of a foreign government, Ukraine, in the 2020 U.S. presidential election,"" the report released Tuesday reads. ""The President engaged in this course of conduct for the benefit of his reelection, to harm the election prospects of a political opponent, and to influence our nation’s upcoming presidential election to his advantage. In so doing, the President placed his personal political interests above the national interests of the United States, sought to undermine the integrity of the U.S. presidential election process, and endangered U.S. national security.” In addition to witness testimony and documents, the report relies on the White House’s own record of Trump’s July 25 call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. In that call, Trump asked Zelensky for a “fa",politics
"WASHINGTON — Sen. Chuck Schumer is questioning the US Army’s decision to try to recruit Gen Z'ers using TikTok and other China-owned social media platforms, raising concerns about privacy and national security. Schumer, a New York Democrat and the party’s leader in the Senate, wrote a letter to Army Secretary Ryan McCarthy on Nov. 7 requesting the military branch assess the national security risks associated with the platform. TikTok, a popular video-sharing application launched in 2017, became the US's most downloaded app in 2018, with two-thirds of its users under the age of 30, according to a third party estimate. The Army turned to TikTok and other social media platforms in 2019 after recruiting numbers slumped the year before by more than 6,000 soldiers. “While I recognize that the Army must adapt its recruiting techniques in order to attract young Americans to serve, I urge you to assess the potential national security risks posed by China-owned technology companies before choosing to utilize certain platforms,” Schumer wrote in the letter obtained by BuzzFeed News. In the letter, Schumer also asks if the Army has consulted with the Department of Homeland Security regarding potential security risks and if the Army has considered alternative recruiting methods. The letter is just the latest example of US officials raising security concerns about the app. Earlier this month, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CIFUS) — the government agency that oversees foreign investments into US companies or operations — launched a probe into TikTok’s Chinese parent company ByteDance because of censorship and national security concerns. TikTok and its parent company recently came under fire from Republican and Democratic congressional members. Former national security experts say the CIFUS probe signals an increased concern for national security. “I think that what this does reflect is the national security community’s concern for data sources — not just",tech
"Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders released his highly anticipated plan for how he would tackle the climate crisis as president, proposing a $16.3 trillion investment on his version of the Green New Deal. “The climate crisis is not only the single greatest challenge facing our country; it is also our single greatest opportunity to build a more just and equitable future, but we must act immediately,” the Sanders proposal says. While Sanders is a vocal supporter in Congress on climate action — including cosponsoring the Green New Deal resolution to broadly tackle the climate crisis — he has lagged behind other 2020 Democratic nominees in converting those ideas into a campaign plan, drawing criticism from environmental groups like Greenpeace. For example, his Senate colleagues Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Kirsten Gillibrand of New York — presidential contenders who also support the Green New Deal — have both already released at least one climate proposal while running for president. In the sweeping trillion-dollar plan, Sanders calls for reaching 100% renewable energy for the electricity and transportation sectors by 2030 at the latest and complete decarbonization of the US economy by no later than 2050. His specific plans to do this include expanding infrastructure for electric vehicle charging, offering incentives to encourage people to swap their fossil fuel–run cars for electric ones, and building out high-speed rail. He also calls for creating 20 million new jobs to both tackle the crisis and end unemployment, as well as establishing a $40 billion Climate Justice Resiliency Fund to specifically help communities of color prepare for climate impacts. In the plan, Sanders calls for declaring climate change a national emergency. Back in June, he proposed a congressional resolution to do just that, but it will likely go nowhere in the Republican-controlled Senate. Following in the footsteps of now-former presidential contender Washington Gov. Jay Inslee, Sanders call",science
"As thousands of families are being separated and detained at the US–Mexico border, another family takes a cross-country trip from New York to Arizona. In search of Apacheria, the stolen home of the Apaches, they listen to the news about the “immigration crisis” along the way. As tension mounts in the car and outside it, Luiselli focuses on the ways in which empathy, justice, and passion play out within one family’s summer. —Arianna Rebolini When Ana Falcón fled Peru for New York with her husband and two young children in the 1990s, she was only looking to escape economic and political hardship, to give her family a chance — now, she is struggling to keep them afloat. Up against inhumane working conditions, an intimidating loan shark, and a cousin who might throw them out of her home at any moment, Ana is forced to consider just how much she’s willing to sacrifice. —A.R. “The first time Juan Ruiz proposes, I’m eleven years old, skinny and flat-chested,” Ana Canción, the narrator of Cruz’s third novel, informs us on the first page. It’s a harbinger of things to come for Ana, who marries Juan four years later in a business deal arranged by her parents. Whisked away from the Dominican Republic to New York City in the late ’60s, Ana must reckon with her own loneliness, her drunken cheating husband, and her homesickness. Though the plot points are grim, Cruz tells the story with a raucous sense of humor and writes in short, present-tense chapters that help make this a propulsive though heartbreaking read. It’s 1977 in Uruguay, and the country is under a military dictatorship. Groups of five or more people can’t gather in private spaces without a permit; while homosexuality isn’t outlawed outright, it doesn’t need to be — being openly gay is an automatic prison sentence. Under these dire straits, five women — ringleader Flaca, activist Romina, housewife Anita, the mysterious Malena, and the teenage Paz — go on an excursion to an isolated beach where they can just be themse",reader
"Despite dramatic warnings that Australia would be forced to accept rapists, murderers, and pedophiles under the medevac law, security concerns have only been raised about two people among more than 150 asylum-seekers and refugees who have sought medical transfers. The medevac law, passed against the wishes of the government, gives doctors greater power to determine if sick refugees held in Papua New Guinea and Nauru should be transferred to Australia for medical treatment. Before the bill passed, prime minister Scott Morrison claimed the new provisions would allow criminals into the country. “They may be a pedophile, they may be a rapist, they may be a murderer, and this bill will mean that we would just have to take them,” he said in February. Under the law, the Home Affairs minister has a veto power and can refuse medical transfers on the basis a person would pose a risk of criminal conduct or be prejudicial to security. The government intends to repeal the legislation, and a parliamentary inquiry into the issue is underway. On Monday, department officials were not able to confirm to the inquiry if the security veto had been exercised at all, and said only a small number of people had raised character concerns. “Two had adverse character issues, but whether they were refused on that, I’d have to take that on notice,” senior assistant secretary Alana Sullivan said. Earlier on Monday, volunteer doctors involved in organising transfers told the committee they were not aware of the government using the security veto in the six months the medevac law has been in operation. When two doctors recommend a transfer, it must be approved in 72 hours, unless the minister objects on medical or security grounds. Medical refusals are reviewed by an independent panel of experts, but if the panel overrides the minister’s decision, he is still able to refuse it on security or criminal grounds. Officials from the Department of Home Affairs told the inquiry on Monday that immigration ",health
"Kamala Harris is ending her presidential campaign, marking a stunning early exit for the California senator who was once considered to be in the top tier of the Democratic field. She informed staff today that she is suspending her campaign, according to an aide. ""I’ve taken stock and looked at this from every angle, and over the last few days have come to one of the hardest decisions of my life,"" Harris wrote in a Medium post to supporters. ""My campaign for president simply doesn’t have the financial resources we need to continue."" Harris, the daughter of Jamaican and Indian immigrants, launched her campaign before a crowd of some 20,000 people in Oakland in January. She rocketed in polls over the summer after she confronted former vice president Joe Biden over the issue of race at the first Democratic debate, one of the most memorable moments of the campaign so far. But Harris failed to turn those attention-grabbing moments into sustained support for her candidacy. Her campaign spent much of its time searching for an identity; she seesawed between self-defining as a progressive and a moderate. The campaign frequently changed its central message and could not decide whether to emphasize her past as a prosecutor, which had drawn criticism from some progressive circles, or downplay it. News stories also highlighted the campaign's muddled leadership, including a struggle for power between Maya Harris, Harris's sister, and her longtime advisors in California, including her campaign manager. On the campaign trail and in national debates, Harris was frequently uneven. At times she came across as a tough, sharp prosecutor that many Democrats wanted to see take on President Donald Trump on the debate stage. But she could also be vague, backtracking on key policy positions — most notably by changing her stance on Medicare for All — and often resorting to repeating stock phrases. In recent months, Harris failed to raise money from donors and maintain her frontrunner status, l",politics
"Snapchat’s Spectacles are like GoPros for your face. The sunglasses’ two embedded cameras immediately capture photos and videos when one of the discreet buttons on the temple is pressed. Released today, Spectacles 3 is Snapchat’s latest model, and can now produce three-dimensional photos and videos with animated augmented reality effects. For the past week, I’ve been testing the company’s new, quite pricey $380 face camera, which is currently available in limited quantities on Snapchat’s website. The new Specs seem to be the ultimate ~influencer~ wearable, designed specifically to create eye-popping imagery that will stand out in a social media feed. For normals, the first-person footage captured by the Spectacles is wonderfully — and surprisingly — personal. But the new animated AR video filters don’t add much and, in fact, distract from intimate scenes. The new Spectacles are unquestionably hip. They have steel, rounded frames like the kind that Natalie Portman wears in Léon: The Professional — and that typically only people with angular, Portmanesque faces can pull off. The sunglasses snap elegantly into their case, which is also their charger. The Spectacles can capture up to 70 separate 10-second videos on a single charge. The case holds four full charges — enough for a ""long weekend,"" a Snap rep said. Unless a passerby looks closely at the glasses, or the LED light is blinking, they wouldn’t notice that there are two cameras onboard, which is largely the point. Previous versions of Spectacles had a camera built-in on the right side and an LED light on the left to indicate recording. The Spectacles 3 have two embedded cameras on each side, with an LED ring around the lens that lights up when you capture photos and videos. Snapchat’s software combines the footage from the two cameras to sense the scene’s depth and project 3D effects, which can be applied to videos using the Snapchat app. While you need the Snapchat app to import media from the Spectacles, sharin",tech
"Tiny bits of plastic in drinking water pose a low health risk to people — for now, concluded a Wednesday report from the World Health Organization, which called for a reduction in plastic pollution to limit the future dangers of such “microplastics.” We live in an age of plastic, with more than 300 million tons of the imperishable stuff produced every year, found in bags, bottles, and every human-made object imaginable. They all shed millions and billions of tiny particles in the environment, researchers have found in the last decade, a discovery that led to the WHO report. “We urgently need to know more about the health impact of microplastics because they are everywhere — including in our drinking water,” WHO’s Maria Neira said in a statement on the report. One research team last year reported that 90% of bottled water sampled contained microscopic plastic fibers, for example, capping a series of studies making similar findings in air, water, and food. Drinking water studies have found microplastic concentrations ranging from 1,000 to .001 microparticles per liter, according to the report, with much variability in how particles were defined. Looking for health risks, the WHO report tallied 50 recent studies that looked at the balance of chemical, physical, and infection-related risks of drinking these particles. Microplastics contain chemicals that could potentially harm organs if released in high concentrations, such as flame retardants, or they might cause injuries simply by gumming things up. As well, they could act as niches for harmful bacteria. At the same time, the digestive system is well-practiced at removing harmful material from the body. “Microplastics in drinking water don’t appear to pose a health risk at current levels,” said Neira, on balance. “But we need to find out more.” “My concern relates to the future,” study coauthor Bart Koelmans of Wageningen University in the Netherlands told BuzzFeed News, as plastic becomes even more concentrated in th",science
"The cable TV network Bravo is best known as the reality powerhouse that brought us the infamous Real Housewives, a global TV franchise about rich (and pretend-rich) ladies fighting about who gets the biggest room on their cast vacations. (The Marvel Universe could never.) But in 2013, the network went slightly off brand, creating their version of a grittier view from below, with the unscripted series Below Deck. While Below Deck does feature rich (and pretend-rich) passengers on luxury yachts — everyone from the Real Housewives of Atlanta and the so-called Queen of Versailles Jackie Siegel to baseballer Johnny Damon have been guests — the show focuses on the behind-the-scenes trials of the crew tasked with keeping them happy. The crew’s work drama and boatmances have been consistently gripping enough to elevate the show, alongside its 2016 spinoff Below Deck Mediterranean, into the upper tier of cable TV ratings. Still, it’s easy to overlook Below Deck — I did for years — because the promotion for it has been oddly unenticing. Bravo’s ads often focus on the boat’s captain, “stud of the sea” Lee Rosbach, who also gets routinely interviewed on Bravo kingmaker Andy Cohen’s late-night talk show Watch What Happens Live. That’s probably because gruff-but-golden-hearted Captain Lee has a way with funny, exasperated one-liners, often involving phallic or sexual metaphors like “We screwed the pooch so many times we should have a litter of puppies running around” or “I would rather drag my dick through 10 miles of whiskey bottles than see these people again.” But a few salty phrases could hardly fill an entire season. What keeps viewers coming back is the tribulations of the younger crew’s work and love entanglements. Unlike most reality shows that throw strangers together in close quarters — a common strategy since The Real World — the crew is both working and living together. The show is both relatable (we all deal with annoying bosses and clients, or crushes on coworkers) ",reader
"What's up world, Crystal and Lara here, and we are aware that people watch porn. We ourselves have watched it a time or two (or a hundred) and while it can often be enjoyable, it can also sometimes...not be. A large part of this is because the depiction of sex or women having sex in a lot of mainstream porn is often unrealistic and just downright offensive. So we compiled a list of the the ways in which porn is unrealistic. We're sure we've missed some so feel free to let us know in the comments! We are *constantly* moaning. Nothing feels that good. And not only are we constantly moaning, but we're moaning super loudly. We never need lube! We're always wet!!! And once we're wet, we're obviously able to stay wet for like 29 minutes straight! We experience extreme pleasure just from penetration alone. Fingering? Oral? Nah. Just give us that D exclusively, baby. We don't need any sort of foreplay. We're ready to DIVE. RIGHT. IN. And we are always ready to go when the fuck ever — whether you're at work or outside in the woods! We're almost never wearing underwear. But when we are wearing underwear, it's sexy as fuck, obviously. Who cares if it's uncomfortable and riding up our asshole? We have zero gag reflexes! And we definitely don't have any TMJ-related issues. We can give head for hours! And while we're giving head for hours on end, we can moan the entire time, too. It's a true talent. We can have sex in literally any position, no problem. Don't worry, you don't have to put my legs back down from around my head, I won't get a muscle strain!!! All of us possess acrobatic abilities. We can do a backflip right onto a 6-foot-tall dude's face And we almost always have heels ready to go to wear during sex! Super-high, hot ones, too. We never struggle with anal. Stick it right in, baby! And don't worry, we can totally come over and be ready to get down to business whenever, wherever. Forget work! Forget responsibilities! We're on our way. Our knees never get chafed from th",health
"WASHINGTON — Democrats in Congress are rushing to impeach President Donald Trump by Christmas, setting up a Senate trial that could bleed into 2020’s first presidential contests. It’s a push that will set up Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez to have even more power over her party than the first-year Democrat already has. If Trump is impeached in the House and the Senate does choose to put him on trial, some of the top Democratic presidential candidates will be stuck in DC for as many as six days a week serving as jurors deciding whether or not Trump should be removed from office. Former president Bill Clinton’s impeachment trial lasted about five weeks, and Senate Republicans, who will control the process at the outset, could choose to keep the trial long to give themselves time to defend the president. That timeline could easily push a trial past both the Iowa caucuses on Feb. 3 and the New Hampshire primary on Feb. 11. Inevitably, with senators unable to vigorously campaign themselves, the battle of the surrogates will ensue. But no candidate has what Sen. Bernie Sanders has in Ocasio-Cortez. “She's one of the most talented communicators in American politics,” said Waleed Shahid, a spokesperson for Justice Democrats, a progressive group that helped elect Ocasio-Cortez in 2018. “And your ability to be able to communicate a clear message to voters should never be underestimated…[Ocasio-Cortez] has a message and she’s really clear about it.” Since endorsing Sanders last month, the 30-year-old member of Congress has already been a hugely successful surrogate, joining the senator at an enormous rally in New York and canvassing for him in Iowa in November. “You know, it's certainly a consideration,” Ocasio-Cortez recently told BuzzFeed News of campaigning for Sanders if there's a Senate trial. “I haven't made any hard commitments but … I think it's a possibility and it's certainly something that I'm open to.” Ocasio-Cortez became a national celebrity after toppling former r",politics
"Last week, Instagram CEO Adam Mosseri announced the company is going to start trialling a big change: Some American users will no longer be able to see the number of likes on posts in their feed. Users in the trial will still be able to see the number of likes on their own images, but for everybody else on the TL, the likes count underneath a photo will be replaced with ""Liked by @username and others"", instead of a number. Mosseri said the change is supposed to reduce pressure on young users. So how will this affect the platform’s most vocal users: influencers? As usual, Australia is ahead of the world, and this time not just in the literal sense (hello from the future!). Instagram has been trialling this change Down Under since mid-2019. We spoke to Australian influencers about what it's been like. Georgia McDermott runs @georgeats, a food account with 156,000 followers that focuses on the FODMAP diet. She was sceptical about whether hiding the like count would make a difference — but once it rolled out, she was pleasantly surprised. ""It has relieved a lot of pressure and angst around posts 'doing well',"" McDermott told BuzzFeed News. ""I also find I’m posting less often and generally spending a bit less time on the app, which has been great for my mental health."" Sarah Jane Wardle, who runs @faceofsjw, believes it's a positive change for the platform's users, particularly if it removes anxiety around posting. ""In my personal experience, it has resulted in more confidence in what I post without being concerned about 'how many likes' a post gets, as I personally do not check the likes often anymore,"" Wardle said in an email to BuzzFeed News. Popular meme curation account @browncardigan’s Toby noticed that hiding likes reduced a feeling of competition. He said it takes the pressure off when posting to his 730,000 followers. ""I think if it’s taking away the front of mind feeling of metrics from overly obsessive teenagers worrying about likes, it’s a good thing,"" Toby (",tech
"Brazil’s largest city was plunged into darkness in the middle of the day Monday as a massive plume of smoke from fires burning in the Amazon descended on the city, alarming residents as a record number of fires raged in the world’s largest tropical rainforest. Day turned to night around 3 p.m., according to the Folha de S.Paulo newspaper, and persisted for more than an hour. Officials with Brazil’s National Institute of Meteorology (Inmet) said the unnerving scene was the result of a combination of factors: cold, humid air, and smoke from unprecedented fires burning in the Amazon rainforest thousands of miles away. “The particulate matter, coming from the smoke produced by these large wildfires that are happening in Bolivia, coupled with the cold, humid air that is off the coast of São Paulo, caused the darkness,” Franco Vilela, a meteorologist at Inmet, told Globo. Josélia Pegorim, a meteorologist with Climatempo, explained that the cold front changed the direction of the winds and transported smoke billowing from fires in Bolivia in the Brazilian state of Rondônia to the region, resulting in a dense layer of low, heavy clouds and fog. Atmospheric monitoring data from the World Meteorological Organization showed a massive smoke plume emanating from the rainforest fires had spread across Brazil and over the coastal area Tuesday. The darkness caused many on social media to express concerns over ongoing fires burning in world’s largest tropical forest, which some have dubbed the “lungs of the planet.” A record number of wildfires have torched the Amazon this year as deforestation efforts increase under far-right Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro. Brazil’s space research center, National Institute for Space Research (INPE), said Tuesday the number of fires detected in the Amazon so far this year had reached 72,843 — an 83% increase over the same period last year and the highest since the agency began recording the data in 2013, according to Reuters. Because of its nat",science
"There was a moment, back in the early 2010s, when Jeremy Renner really did it for me. The strong forearms, the relative shortness (5 feet 9 inches) — so taciturn, the perfect addition to my pantheon of Busted-Face Hollywood Men. Renner rose to prominence in the midst of a catastrophic worldwide recession, a model of the sort of working-class (white) masculinity seemingly under siege on all fronts. Like George Clooney before him, he’d spent decades toiling on the fringes of Hollywood, taking roles in commercials, television pilots, and indie films. By the time he arrived at stardom — cemented by back-to-back Oscar nominations for The Hurt Locker and The Town (2010) — he seemed mature, fully formed, confident in his skill and his role. But around that same time, Renner was plucked up as the next American action hero — and over the next few years, his image began to sour. He looked the same, he acted pretty much the same; he became a father and doted on his daughter. But what kind of celebrity was he? Was he an indie darling, or the only Marvel superhero not on the Infinity War poster? Was he a humble guy just flipping houses, or a guy putting on fake concerts in the desert for a series of Jeep commercials? Was he a hot, likable movie star on the rise, or kind of a tool? That tension came to a head earlier this month, when the Jeremy Renner Official app was shut down after being beset by trolls (again). There was some of the normal, run-of-the-mill trolling (death threats, misogynistic shit). But the real implosion was incited by the sort of trolls, like Deadspin’s Stefan Heck, who tried to see what would happen if, in answer to Renner’s question about plans for the weekend, he answered “looking at porno.” The sort of troll that posed as “Jeremy Renner’s Evil Twin” to suggest that he had put his “balls all over” Renner’s onion rings — or pretended to be an official account for Casey Anthony, and then, in turn, pretended to be Jeremy Renner defending Casey Anthony’s rig",reader
"—crystalsoderquistb —femmefoxx —aprilr4634b473e —c4397c7eef —hepburneyes —k4e08690d2 —8675309eeine —clairec468bc077b —ernesto55 —savannahd46856fdb8 —nicamd1 —aril4fc45a5b2 —g42c2a3f22 —j47c99757a —emilym4e8497a33 —moniquebeaudoinvanl —graceybee —c47495a63d —kaylayandoli Some responses have been edited for length and clarity. We asked the BuzzFeed Community to tell us the most memorable thing their therapist ever said. Here are the amazing results. ""Every time I tried to relax, I'd feel guilty because of all the things I 'should've been doing' instead. My therapist said, 'Don't 'should' all over yourself.' It's the best advice I've ever gotten, and still have to remind myself that it's important to practice self-care."" ""I often struggle with feelings of guilt due to PTSD and anxiety, so I apologize excessively. My therapist told me to replace 'sorry' with 'thank you,' so instead of telling people, 'Sorry I'm having a stressed-out day,"" I say, 'Thank you for being supportive of me.'"" ""The best thing my therapist ever told me was you can't heal in the same place you got sick. At the time I was living in the house where my ex-husband tried to kill me and even when he moved, the place still weighed me down. I didn't realize how stuck I was until I moved out."" ""My therapist told me everyone else's opinions about you are neither your business nor your problem. It's THEIR opinion, so it's THEIR problem, and it says more about them than it does about you."" ""Having struggled with depression and anxiety for a long time, my therapist told me to remind myself, 'This moment is not every moment.'"" ""I told my therapist I was ashamed to feel scared. She said, 'You have to be scared before you can be brave. Being brave means confronting what you're scared of despite the overwhelming fear. That takes real strength, and you've got it.'"" ""I'm someone who always puts what makes me happy on the back burner. My therapist looked at me and literally said, 'Fuck shit up.' She told me to do wh",health
"WASHINGTON — The Congressional Hispanic Caucus’s politics arm, on Monday, will back New York City Council Member Ritchie Torres in a crowded field of Democrats looking to replace Rep. José Serrano in New York’s 15th Congressional District. Bold PAC, which works to elect more Latino members of Congress, will provide financial and strategic support to Torres, a frontrunner in a 12-person race to succeed Serrano, who first took office in 1990. All but one of the Democratic candidates has Latino roots, and Torres would be the first openly gay black or Latino member of Congress should he win the 2020 election. Torres, 31, announced a bid for the seat in July, four months after Serrano declared he wouldn’t seek reelection after being diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease. Raised in New York City’s public housing, in a district with one of the nation’s largest Latino communities, Torres became the first openly gay council member of New York City in 2014 and the city’s youngest elected official. “In a crowded field, Torres has been able to build a strong and diverse coalition of support from labor groups, LGBTQ groups and many of his own colleagues on the city council,” Rep. Tony Cárdenas, chair of BOLD PAC, told BuzzFeed News in a statement. “He knows the issues that keep Bronx families up at night — not just from his time as a city council member — but from growing up in the Bronx and being raised by a single mother. He’s proven to be the stand-out Latino candidate in this field and BOLD PAC is proud to put our full support behind his campaign to bring home a victory next November.” The endorsement comes after two other major PACs backed the Bronx native, both of which support LGBTQ candidates. The Equality PAC endorsed Torres in June, before his official announcement, and the Victory Fund followed shortly after. The early endorsements gave Torres an edge in fundraising. According to Federal Election Commission filings, Torres has raised $878,084 as of last quarter, outraisi",politics
"Representatives from Twitter met with advertisers last week to discuss the specifics of what might be — and won’t be — included in its ban on political advertising. In those meetings, Twitter staffers suggested that ads that spread awareness about issues of national significance would still be allowed after the ban takes effect. Ads that advocate for a specific candidate or piece of legislation will be banned, according to one advertiser briefed on Twitter’s plans. “For candidates, it seems like none of that advertising is going to be allowed,” the advertiser said. “For issue advocacy, the rules are a little bit more permissive.” “The exceptions, from what Twitter [Global VP of Revenue and Content Partnerships Matt] Derella has told me, will be for organizations that are not directly talking about a legislative issue,” the advertiser said. In other words: Ads talking about climate change generally are likely going to be accepted; ads about the legislation that would enact the Green New Deal are not. “Issue awareness ads would be allowed, issue action-oriented ads that are based on a specific policy are definitely not,” the advertiser said, according to their interpretation of the meeting with Twitter. Twitter still hasn’t hammered out the exact contours of the policy, which is due to be announced Nov. 15, but this version would allow political advertisers room to spread their message on the platform, though in a much more limited manner than today. When announced later this week, the policy will contain more detail, but these conversations indicate that Twitter is considering a ban less sweeping than initially indicated by Dorsey when he tweeted, “We’ve made the decision to stop all political advertising on Twitter globally.” ""As we previously said, the full language of Twitter's new political ads policy will be public by the end of the week,"" Twitter spokesperson Nick Pacilio told BuzzFeed News. Dorsey indicated that there would be exceptions to the policy on polit",tech
"Glencore’s controversial McArthur River Mine has overcome one of the final barriers to its plans to keep digging, more than five years after an enormous error caused spontaneous combustion on the mine site and created fears of an environmental catastrophe that could last millennia. On Thursday, Northern Territory primary industry and resources minister Paul Kirby signed off on changes to the McArthur River Mine’s management plan. It follows a similar approval issued by the federal government in June. The decision marks the end of a five-year environmental approval process, sparked by dramatic spontaneous combustion and plumes of sulfur dioxide on the mine site. The burning and smoke were caused by a misclassification of the open-cut lead-zinc-silver mine’s rock, which led to risky, reactive rock being stacked in a waste rock dump without being appropriately quarantined. The misclassification, and contamination incidents on the mine site, gave rise to fears in the nearby community of Borroloola that the McArthur River was no longer safe to fish in. It also created a risk that acid mine drainage and toxic leaching from the dump could slowly contaminate the McArthur River, permanently affecting the region’s water system. Glencore has admitted the area will need to be monitored for 1000 years after digging ceases. The new authorisation has adopted all thirty recommendations made by the NT’s Environment Protection Authority. These include the establishment of an independent panel of experts to advise on the waste rock dump, monitoring of sulfur dioxide within a kilometre of the dump, and monitoring of contamination in fish in the McArthur River. The approval means Glencore can now begin works to fix the environmental problems it created. Mining expert at RMIT university Gavin Mudd told BuzzFeed News the conditions imposed by the government on Glencore were mostly positive, but did not deal with the critical question of how the mine would eventually be closed. “To me it’s",science
"When it comes to movies, the official kickoff for fall is the Toronto International Film Festival, a glitzy gala where Oscar hopefuls have their premieres and the industry flocks to find out what titles are going to be talked about in the coming season. And, usually, this means a procession of sober, adult movies about sober, adult topics. Feature films steeped in things like unfettered joy, laughter, glee — you know, fun — are usually abandoned to the studio blockbusters of the summer (and spring, and winter). But not this year. If the just-concluding TIFF is any indication, this year has the potential for being the most upbeat awards season in ages. There are still serious entries, like the wrongful imprisonment drama Just Mercy (which we saw) and the Harriet Tubman biopic Harriet (which we haven't seen yet). But there are also entries like Hustlers, Dolemite Is My Name, and A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood — all daring the industry to be a little less somber when it comes to what it considers prestigious cinema. It's not that these movies shy away from heavy themes: Taika Waititi's Jojo Rabbit is, after all, a child's-eye-view comedy about Nazism, while Rian Johnson gives his whodunit romp Knives Out a sharp pro-immigrant edge. But these films approach heavy topics with the kind of light touch that's only appropriate for a moment when all we can do is laugh helplessly as the world burns. Laugh, and then go see a supervillain origin story that may be the weightiest awards entry of them all — why so serious, indeed. —Alison Willmore and Adam B. Vary Early in Hustlers, there's a moment when Constance Wu's character, Destiny, takes a break on the rooftop of the strip club where she recently started working, and finds Ramona (Jennifer Lopez) already out there, wearing a plush fur coat on top of her scant costume, sprawled out with a cigarette in hand. At the film's premiere, the sheer glory of the shot was enough to prompt a round of applause. Suffice it to say tha",reader
"Pregnant people are brave. Period. Tell me something more brave than housing a human(s) and letting it grow inside you. Pregnant people bravely accept the fact that there will be morning sickness. And pregnant people bravely endure extreme exhaustion while still having to perform daily tasks – for nine months. Pregnant people bravely face wicked body swelling. Pregnant people bravely endure things being shoved up them, like random fingers or this thing during a transvaginal ultrasound. Pregnant people bravely withstand excruciating amounts of pain when in labor. Pregnant people bravely understand that their boobs could leak milk at any moment. And pregnant people bravely understand that their boobs may not be the only thing that leaks. Pregnant people bravely accept the fact that every single part of their body changes in uncomfortable ways. And pregnant people bravely realize their bodies won't ever be the same after they give birth. Pregnant people bravely take on ungodly constipation. Pregnant people bravely understand that there's a high probability their stomach will get sliced open or that they will tear ~down there~. Pregnant people bravely know they could be risking their lives to give life to their child. Pregnant people bravely realize they won't be able to do some of the fun things they used to – like certain spa treatments or amusement rides. And pregnant people bravely sacrifice certain foods and alcoholic beverages. Pregnant people bravely suffer through being poked with needles on a regular basis. Pregnant people bravely experience bad back and frontal pain. And pregnant people bravely take on changing mood swings and hormones. So, there you go. Pregnant people are the bravest. The End!",health
"A woman alleged in 2011 that Andrew Yang, then the CEO of a tutoring company, paid her substantially less money than two similar male employees and abruptly fired her after she pressed him over the disparity, according to documents obtained by BuzzFeed News. The woman was paid a termination settlement by the education services company Kaplan, which had acquired Yang’s company, after she said in a letter to Kaplan’s human resources department that he had “acted in a discriminatory manner” and breached a contract by firing her. “Andrew always spoke positively of my work and my value to the company. This changed only when I approached him about the disparity of my salary compared to male colleagues in similar roles,” the woman, whose name is being withheld at her request because of fear of online harassment, told BuzzFeed News in a statement. She added, “I believe Andrew fired me as retaliation for asking to be paid a salary that was still significantly less than what he was paying my male counterparts.” Yang, now a presidential candidate, has built a surprisingly popular brand in the Democratic primary race in large part on his background as an entrepreneur. He has lasted in the race longer than much more established and conventional candidates, and has outperformed many of the traditional candidates who remain. BuzzFeed News provided the Yang campaign detailed questions about the woman’s allegations. In a statement, spokesperson S.Y. Lee said only: ""Like many CEOs, Andrew Yang has had the unfortunate task of letting staff go who did not meet the organization’s standards. The information provided by the letter-writer does not reflect the reality of the situation.” She is the second woman to allege that Yang discriminated against her based on gender while he was CEO of the tutoring company, which was called Manhattan GMAT. Another woman, Kimberly Watkins, said in September that Yang fired her from the company because she had gotten married, adding that he assumed she w",politics
"Of all the noxious, insulting stereotypes millennials have to endure about their generation — that they're self-centered, lazy, and entitled, not to mention the fucking avocado toast — none merits rioting in the streets like the fetid narrative that millennials are useless parasites leeching off their far more industrious, far more successful, endlessly responsible parents. Especially because it’s not true. And I’m not being defensive. Data proves it. In fact, just as many American millennials have been quietly supporting their parents as boomers who have been supporting their adult children.   BuzzFeed News performed our own analysis of US Census Bureau data, the official source of demographic information in the country. The bureau conducts a study called the Survey of Income and Program Participation that asks people a few questions relevant to this issue: how old they are, if they are financially supporting any adult children age 21 or older living outside their household, and if they are financially supporting any parents living outside their household.  Hidden in this census data, BuzzFeed News found that 1.4 million American millennials (born 1981–1996) supported their parents in 2016, the most recent year for which data was available. That number was statistically indistinguishable from the number of boomers (born 1946–1964) supporting their adult children in the same year. “OK boomer” is not just a pithy retort; it’s totally valid. I’m giddy; maybe you are too. The same number of millennials financially support their parents as the number of boomers who support their grown children. All the headlines, and the jokes, all the (mis)representations about America’s deliciously hateable young adults, they’re fucking fake, folks! A tale spread by a group of grumpy (and probably well-off) boomers that took on a life of its own, sapping a generation — their own children’s generation — of its dignity.    Millennials are surely not the first generation to support their",tech
"WASHINGTON — Planned Parenthood announced on Monday that it would withdraw from federal family planning funding over a Trump administration ""gag rule"" that bars abortion referrals, or suggesting where a patient can get an abortion. Planned Parenthood serves more than 40% of the patients that receive care through Title X, the federal grant program for family planning organizations. The Trump administration had proposed new rules for the program in May, and a federal court failed to stay them on Friday, driving the decision. ""We will not be bullied,"" said Alexis McGill Johnson, Planned Parenthood acting president and CEO, at a news briefing to announce that the group's affiliates would submit letters to the Department of Health and Human Services withdrawing from the program. Planned Parenthood will keep its ""doors open,"" she added, but ""the impact of this gag rule will reverberate across the country."" The regulation from the HHS bars federal family planning money from going to clinics and organizations that offer non-abortion services — such as contraception services, gynecological exams, and cancer screenings — in the same facilities where they perform abortions. (Federal law already prevents any federal funding from paying directly for the abortions themselves.) More than 1.5 million low-income women use Planned Parenthood for birth control, pregnancy tests, disease screening, and other health services, in part with support from Title X. McGill Johnson said that this change would lead to tremendous hardship for patients in states such as Utah and Minnesota, where the organization provides such services to the vast majority of low-income patients through Title X. ""We are going to see women driving hundreds of miles to get an IUD,"" said McGill Johnson. The governor of Illinois, Jay Robert ""J.B."" Pritzker, during the briefing, said his state would also reject Title X funding over the new rules. Limiting medical advice to patients ""is fundamentally wrong,"" he said. The",science
"It’s here! The highly anticipated sequel to The Handmaid’s Tale is out now and picks up 15 years after Offred steps into that black van, her fate unknown. Instead of one narrator, Atwood expands to three: Aunt Lydia, the devious mastermind behind the Rachel and Leah Center — where Handmaids learn how to prepare for their lives as concubines, and two young girls — Daisy, a 16-year-old who lives in Toronto with her liberal parents and goes to protests against Gilead, and Agnes, who has grown up in Gilead with a high-ranking Commander father and attends school to learn how to become a diligent, submissive wife. How the three women end up converging is part of the suspense of the novel, which generally unfolds as a much more straightforward thriller than Handmaid’s — fitting for the upcoming TV show it will soon be. Margaret Atwood raved about this Booker-nominated debut novel (and March BuzzFeed Book Club pick) about three sisters who live on a remote island with their parents. An unexplained ecological disaster has rendered the mainland uninhabitable. Men are apparently responsible for this toxicity and only certain bizarre tests that their parents administer can save the sisters from contamination. But when their father disappears and three strange men appear on the island, the strict rules and dictums the girls have always followed begin to unravel. Written in dreamy present tense and alternating points of view from the three sisters, The Water Cure takes an original, complicated look at how abuse, toxic masculinity, and gaslighting collide. Cedar Hawk Songmaker, the 26-year-old, pregnant adopted Ojibwe daughter of white liberal Minnesotans, must outsmart a government hellbent on incarcerating all pregnant women after evolution stops working in this dystopian thriller by one of our great American novelists. Written as a letter to her unborn baby, the novel feels incredibly timely as it charts Cedar’s plan to escape with both her adoptive parents and the birth family",reader
"Camila Cabello is currently heating up the Billboard charts with ""Señorita."" You know, the song with her maybe, but maybe not boyfriend Shawn Mendes. 👀 Anyway, you won't find the former Fifth Harmony member on social media as much lately, and she has a perfectly good reason for it. On Friday, Camila took to Instagram to address how social media can have a negative affect on her mental health. She wrote, ""I don’t go on social media that much 'cause it’s not good for me and I don’t know how to not be affected by what people say on here, so I just don’t read it."" ""I am totally aware that I can use this platform to help people even in small ways!"" she added. ""So to anyone on here who is struggling — which we all do sometimes 'cause we’re human — I super recommend taking five minutes out of your day to just breathe."" The 22-year-old explained that while she didn't understand meditation before, her life has improved since learning how to be present in her body through the simple breathing technique. ""I used to live so much in my head, constantly trapped in my overthinking and being in my head as opposed to the present moment,"" Camila stated. ""Lately just going back to my breath and focusing on it puts me back in my body, and back in the present and helps me so much."" ""Take five minutes out of your day today to just inhale for 5 seconds through your nose, and exhale for 5 seconds through your mouth [...] Focus on your breath and how it feels coming in and out of your nostrils. Do it three times a day and whenever you feel yourself getting overwhelmed,"" she shared. ""I know lots of us on here are growing up and learning how to be human lol, and that can be intense and hard sometimes. I think some tools are really life-changing and help you know how to do that better, so I just thought I’d share something that’s really helped me, and hopefully, it helps you guys!!!!"" Camila ended her post teasing that she will see her fans ""soon,"" likely during her performance at the VMAs on ",health
"On Thursday, you’ll likely sit down with your loved ones to share a big Thanksgiving meal. It’s a day about coming together with those closest to you, eating lots of food, and taking stock of what’s most important in life. As you’re passing the gravy boat around the table, everyone will probably agree not to talk about politics. Someone will say that things have been so crazy these last few months. Let’s just relax. This, of course, will not happen. Maybe one or two glasses of wine into the meal, someone will bring up the impeachment and you will most likely find yourself trying to explain why something one of your aunts or uncles saw on Fox News recently is actually total bullshit. You will talk in circles as the boomers in the room refuse to admit their brains have been melted by Facebook chain letters. Chances are they will confidently talk about stuff related to the impeachment that you have never even heard of before and honestly don’t even know where to go to begin learning about it. Well, look no further. Here’s your Trump world SparkNotes. Good luck out there. This is the central conspiracy at the heart of the impeachment. It’s the nucleus everything else revolves around. Republican President Donald Trump has been pushing some form of this since his inauguration. He brought it up as recently as last weekend in a Fox News interview. Nearly every pro-Trump media outlet over the last three years has riffed off this. It has evolved into unquestionable fact on right-wing social media. It also goes against everything we know about the 2016 election interference. Twelve Russian nationals were indicted last year as part of former special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian election interference. They were accused of a “sustained effort"" to hack the Democratic National Committee’s email servers. All 12 are members of Russia’s military intelligence agency, the GRU, and believed to be those behind the ""Guccifer 2.0"" hacker persona that took credit for t",politics
"This week, Instagram CEO Adam Mosseri announced Instagram will hide likes from the platform. Obviously, IG is one of the biggest social platforms ever, so people had some thoughts — both serious and funny — on this. Here's how they felt: Yup, this is a big deal. What do you think about Insta hiding likes? Let me know in the comments below!",tech
"“We grew up in that beautiful river,” says Nancy Yukuwal McDinny, as she sits cross-legged on the ground, painting. “Until the mine came and destroyed that river.” McDinny, an artist, has spent her life in and around remote Borroloola in the Northern Territory. Sitting beside her more reserved husband Stewart Hoosan, she talks about the generations who have lived on Narwinbi, or the McArthur River, drinking water, and eating fish and the bush plums that grow alongside the river. “But we cannot eat that anymore, because we don’t trust the river because of the McArthur River Mine,” says McDinny. “The big flood comes, it’s probably all poisoned.” It’s impossible to imagine what the world will look like in the year 3037, but that’s when mining multinational Glencore says it will finally be safe to stop monitoring the site of its McArthur River Mine, 1,000 years after digging wraps up. The open-cut mine — one of the largest zinc resources in the world, which also contains lead and silver — lies in the Gulf region, the traditional home of the Yanyuwa, Gudanji, Mara and Garawa peoples. The remote pocket of northern Australia is far from the Northern Territory’s urban centres, but an hour’s drive from the mine is the small, majority-Aboriginal town of Borroloola, which straddles the McArthur River. As the mine approaches the end of a five-year process to approve its plan to stave off an environmental disaster of its own creation, many of Borroloola’s residents are afraid. Some are angry. Some are tired. Others are tired of people complaining. However they feel about it, their lives and futures are now bound up with Glencore — and whether it can fight off the environmental devastation that its mine threatens to wreak on the river. Sitting in her parents’ front garden with her dogs at her feet, watching her kids play with a soccer ball nearby, Darilyn Anderson tells me in a quiet voice that she’s seen the rocks in the water of the McArthur River change colour — from a dark sh",science
"On Monday night, the season finale of MTV’s Are You the One? came to a close with champagne-fueled exclamations of victory. “This is for the queers,” Jenna said before the last two beams of light shot up, indicating that all the participants on this season of the reality dating show had found their “perfect matches” — winning them the game. “In the queer community, the odds are always stacked against us,” Jasmine explained, while her perfect match, Nour, nodded aggressively in agreement. Then there was Kari: “We showed the world that despite the odds, the queer community rises up again!” Many members of the queer community were, in fact, going to bed. The credits rolled just after midnight. I was glad the group won, but I was also surprised. They were right — I’d been convinced they would fail. Not because I, a chaotic bisexual, wasn’t so sure I’d be able to spot my “perfect match” among 15 other chaotic bisexuals (as if following your heart was really as easy as the cliché suggests) — but because I know how hard it is for a queer person to try to play by straight people’s rules and win at their game. Now in its eighth season, Are You the One? is a reality game show involving 16 singles who live together while participating in challenges, all in the hopes of correctly identifying their “perfect match.” These perfect matches are predetermined by a team of “relationship experts” and according to undisclosed criteria. If everyone in the house finds their match, the participants split a million-dollar cash prize. This season, every contestant was sexually fluid. As the host, Terrence J., kept reminding everyone, “For the first time in Are You the One? history, anyone could end up with anyone.” But by the penultimate episode, it seemed possible this season was poised to make Are You the One? history in another way: by featuring a group who wouldn’t find their perfect matches, losing them the game and $750,000. (They had lost a quarter of their potential million after the",reader
"Cat poop can contain a parasite called toxoplasma gondiit that may cause a serious blood infection – toxoplasmosis – and pregnant people have a high risk of getting toxoplasmosis. This infection may also be caused by eating contaminated, undercooked meat or infected fruit and vegetables. Although the active ingredient in teeth-whitening products – peroxide – is safe for adults (even if small amounts are ingested during the whitening process), there's hasn't been enough research as to how the substance could affect babies during pregnancy. For that reason, doctors recommend avoiding it. The following over-the-counter medications may increase the risk of birth defects: bismuth subsalicylate (such as Pepto-Bismol), phenylephrine or pseudoephedrine, (decongestants), cough and cold medicines that contain guaifenesin, and pain medicines – such as aspirin and ibuprofen. Phthalates – a common ingredient in hairspray and nail polish – is not linked to birth defects in humans, but animal studies have shown that the substance interferes with male sexual development. For this reason, it is recommended that pregnant people use beauty products without phthalates. Both prescription acne treatments and retinols are unsafe during pregnancy and have been linked to birth defects in babies. When foods contain a bacteria called listeria, it can cause an illness called listeriosis – which is harmful for babies. Unfortunately, pregnant people are more susceptible to getting listeriosis. The bacteria may develop when it is not killed during pasteurization or cooking. It can be found in uncooked meats, uncooked vegetables, unpasteurized milk, foods made from unpasteurized milk, and processed foods. The following essential oils may trigger early uterine contractions: rosemary, basil, sage, juniper, thyme, pennyroyal, oregano, and peppermint. Pregnant people may be exposed to chemicals like latex, oil, and enamel while painting. As of now, there are no methods to measure the exposure of these",health
"WASHINGTON — A group of Democrats who flipped Republican seats last year are backing a New York candidate to take a longtime Republican seat, made more competitive after GOP Rep. Pete King announced his retirement earlier this month. Nine of the 41 Democrats who took Republican seats in 2018 — all of whom have either military or intelligence backgrounds — have given a full-throated endorsement to one of their own: Jackie Gordon, a Long Island veteran who's running for New York's 2nd Congressional District. “We're proud to support and endorse Jackie Gordon for Congress because she is everything we need more of in elected office,” the members of Congress wrote in a joint statement shared with BuzzFeed News. “She is a lifelong patriot who has always put our country first. As a combat veteran and educator, Jackie has committed herself to service and has spent her life fighting for our country and her community.” The endorsement comes from Reps. Max Rose of New York, Gil Cisneros of California, Jared Golden of Maine, Jason Crow of Colorado, Chrissy Houlahan of Pennsylvania, Elaine Luria of Virginia, Mikie Sherrill of New Jersey, Elissa Slotkin of Michigan, and Abigail Spanberger of Virginia. “So many people thank veterans for their services, and that’s a great thing — but when you look at Jackie’s service, it’s not just done in uniform,” Rose told BuzzFeed News during a phone interview. “Time and time again, she has put her country and her community ahead of herself. And that is exactly the type of person I would be honored to serve alongside in Washington, DC.” Democrats are looking to broaden their hold on the House of Representatives by focusing on districts once represented by moderate Republicans. The pledge of support is on trend with a growing Democratic campaign to back women veterans for Congress, orchestrated by congressional members who have served in the military, the VoteVets political action committee, and other PACs that support veteran candidates. Democra",politics
"The Google Maps listing for Effingham County High School in Springfield, Georgia, has some relevant information, like the main office phone number and the link to the school website. But the photo gallery section is a little off-topic. Instead of showing photos of the school, which Google Maps would normally display, there are nonsensical photos, like the Nintendo character Kirby drawn with legs and feet, a Joker meme, a Sad Kermit meme, a Minecraft screenshot, and erotic fan art showing characters from the education website BrainPop. People searching for Effingham County High School will find zero photos of the high school’s exterior. However, they’ll be able to glimpse the school’s interior life. Effingham County High School isn’t alone. Teens have bombarded hundreds of listings for their middle and high schools in all 50 states with memes, cursed images, random photos, and edgy content that generally isn’t supposed to be included in a photo gallery for a location on Google Maps. “I honestly don’t remember what I was thinking and why I decided to do it,” Cooper Vandenhaak, a sophomore at West Linn High School who uploaded this picture of potatoes to his high school’s Google Maps listing, told BuzzFeed News. “I was probably just bored in class with a friend.” Anyone with a Google account can upload a photo to Google Maps just by opening Google Maps, choosing a location, and selecting the ""Add a Photo” option. Google hopes that users will upload information to help people navigate their worlds “faster and easier.” But artists and teens alike have discovered that Google Maps is an opportunity to share funny content in an unexpected context. Students uploading photos like the “Uh Oh Stinky” monkey, SpongeBob memes, “Comrade Doggo,” or a picture of bread on a skateboard often use Google accounts associated with fake names like “Jake McQueef,” “Juul Is cuul,” “「potato man」,” and “7ate9.” But some young people aren’t afraid to use Google accounts linked to their real nam",tech
"A new report from the United Nations’ body in charge of monitoring climate change details how global warming is already playing out on land to negative effect: magnifying heat waves and droughts and contributing to desertification and declining crop yields. And if global warming continues unchecked, worse impacts are yet to come, according to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s special “Climate Change and Land” report, released Thursday. “As we continue to pour more and more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere, the Earth system has responded and it has continued to absorb more and more,” said Louis Verchot, one of the report’s more than 50 scientist authors, on a press call. “But the important finding of this report, I think, is this additional gift from nature is limited — it’s not going to continue forever.” The release of greenhouse gases, or climate pollution, into the atmosphere in recent decades has led to uneven warming, and impacts, across the globe. The new report quantifies what’s happening specifically on the rapidly warming land, and how land use can curb or worsen future warming. (This report follows one published in October on the devastating impacts of 1.5 degrees Celsius warming globally, not just on lands; a separate IPCC climate report, set to come out in September, will focus on oceans.) “The temperature over land is warming at twice the speed of the global average,” Verchot told BuzzFeed News. To date, average surface air temperatures over land have risen about 1.5 degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels. This is not a measure of total warming — it excludes the warming of air temperatures over the oceans, which cover most of the planet. The Paris climate agreement seeks to limit global warming to no more than 2 degrees Celsius, with an ideal limit of 1.5 degrees, to stave off the worst impacts. Amid a population boom, humans have expanded their consumption of food, timber, energy, and more. To do this, people have used more and more",science
"After a big breakup earlier this year — I was the one who ended things — I gave myself a lot of room to grieve in whatever ways felt good at the time. Ordering takeout for both lunch and dinner? Sure. Downing IPAs while watching women’s soccer at 10 in the morning? No problem. Draining my savings on weird funky clothing and yet another pair of clogs? You bet!!! According to the tenets of modern pop feminism, I’m entitled to a certain amount of overindulgence because, as a hardworking woman, I’ve earned it. Everything from institutional sexism to harassment to heartbreak can supposedly be assuaged by a couple bottles of wine with a group of good girlfriends. The treacly “Treat yo self” mantra popularized on Parks and Recreation has enabled many a stressed-out woman to place that $800 Anthropologie order (you can always return most of it, right?). Life is hard and the world is on fire; maybe we deserve to indulge in some good old simple pleasures. So what if wine is a carcinogen and the alcohol industry has actively worked to downplay the link between drinking and cancer? So what if fast fashion is built on exploitative labor and contributes to mass global pollution? So what if the concept of self-care — popularized by Audre Lorde, a black lesbian activist battling breast cancer — has been co-opted to sell us things we don’t need, things which indirectly harm others and might actually harm us in the end? We’ve earned it, ladies! I’d like to think I don’t actively buy into the capitalist vision of self-care, even as I’ve thrown my money into its maw; at least, I don’t assume any sort of entitlement to feeling good via the accumulation of material things. More so, I just thought…fuck it. A few months ago, drunk in the middle of the day, I impulse-bought a Juul at a bodega in downtown Manhattan. I’d been taking hits off my friends’ vapes for months, only after I’d had enough to drink that smoking became pleasurable instead of disgusting. That was the rule I’d used for my",reader
"Because she was told it was non-cancerous, it did not need to be removed, just checked every six months. So, Charlie continued wedding plans and married her husband in May of this year. Charlie was diagnosed with an aggressive, hormone-fed cancer. Thankfully, the cancer had not spread to her lymph nodes. When she and her family met with her oncologist to discuss and plan her chemotherapy and radiation, it was understandably difficult. That day I cried and cried and was so mad. Scheduling treatments officially made my cancer REAL,"" said Charlie. ""It's not all hugs and kisses and tears. It's still real life, you have to keep working and providing,"" Kelsey said. He added that he is now a caregiver as well. ""It is not easy, but even if you feel like you are not doing it the best way, you probably are in the others person's eyes."" A special thanks to Mandy Parks Photography for the beautiful photos. Twelve days before Charlie Johnson's wedding to her high school love, Kelsey, she felt a lump in her breast. A lump that she was told was a fibroadenoma – a noncancerous lump. But, one month later, Charlie's relief turned to heartbreak. The lump started bothering her, so she decided to have it removed. During her post-operative appointment, the surgeon told her the tumor was actually cancerous. ""Emotions flooded through me, I cried, I was in denial,"" Charlie told BuzzFeed. “Before I even knew if I was going to be receiving chemotherapy, I made the decision that ‘if’ it happened, I wanted to make it beautiful when I started to lose my hair,” said Charlie. So, she proposed her idea to photographer and friend, Mandy Parks, who had the same vision as Charlie for the photoshoot. On the day of the shoot Kelsey admitted he was scared. ""I remember telling Charlie there was no way I would be able to do this. I would break down on her,"" Kelsey said. ""Then I started thinking about it and thought, 'How selfish am I to not do this task for her?'"" During the shoot, Charlie focused all her ",health
"Anthony Weiner changed the course of American history when he tweeted out a picture of his dick on May 27, 2011. This is not an exaggeration. There is a direct line between Anthony Weiner’s penis and the rise of far-right media, the current state of the country’s biggest city, and the election of Donald Trump. Anthony Weiner is omnipresent over the last 10 years: It is inevitable that if there is a major political moment, Weiner is somewhere on its edges. He personifies the decade in US politics: Weiner began the 2010s with roaring hope and ended it in total defeat. His scandal is unquestionably funny — until you question it, then recognize how much personal tragedy undergirds the whole thing. Weiner was one of the biggest Democratic stars of the early Obama years. Just before the start of the decade, in 2008, he was a “dashing bachelor” who had represented his New York City district in the House for about 10 years. His old roommate and good friend Jon Stewart hosted one of the most influential shows on TV. Considered a potential future mayor of New York City, at a minimum, he was one-half of a political power couple: In July 2010, he married Hillary Clinton’s close aide Huma Abedin at a wedding officiated by Bill Clinton. Marrying a politician can be tough, Bill Clinton reportedly teased at the wedding, because it’s “easy to distrust them.” At the turn of the decade, Weiner was everywhere. By 2010, with his infectious energy and charisma, he had begun to outshine his former boss and mentor, Sen. Chuck Schumer. Late that July, he became one of the first members of Congress to go truly viral online, with a speech on the House floor screaming at Republicans for not backing a bill to give health care aid to 9/11 recovery workers — a model speech for how to use your platform to own the new politics of the social media era. Then, in May 2011, things changed. A link from a third-party image host called yfrog appeared on Weiner’s Twitter account — a link that led to a pict",politics
"MANDALUYONG, PHILIPPINES – In a court hearing on Wednesday, the attorney for two American hackers on trial for the killing of an American woman in the Philippines made multiple attempts to discredit a key witness in the case. Troy Woody and Mir Islam, former members of the UGNazi hacking crew, have been charged with murder in the death of Tomi Masters, Woody’s then-girlfriend. The witness, a ride-hail driver, accused Woody and Islam of dumping Masters’ body in Pasig River in December 2018. The driver testified that he picked up Woody and Islam in a condominium building in Mandaluyong, in Metro Manila, last December. He said the pair loaded a box the size of a refrigerator inside his car, and told him it contained flowers. He drove them to a mall in Manila, near where Islam was renting an apartment. Upon reaching their destination, he says Islam asked if he could take them to Pasig River, saying that “they wanted to see it before they leave” and that they would just pay him additionally on top of the fixed rate. During the cross-examination, Woody and Islam’s attorney, Gil Valera, asked if the driver's motive was to pocket a $22 tip without reporting it to the company he was working for. The judge and prosecutor objected to the relevance of the question. “It is dishonest,” Valera replied. (BuzzFeed News reached out to a representative of the ride-hailing company, who said the tip was acceptable.) Valera also asked the witness why he took two foreigners to Baseco, Manila, a low-income community near the harbor, in the dead of night. Pasig River stretches for 15 miles and runs through five cities within Metro Manila. The witness responded that it was where the navigation app on his GPS showed him to go. The defense also filed a motion for the case to be dismissed on the basis of improper venue, as the death certificate states that the place of death is Baseco, Manila, where Masters' body was retrieved. However, the murder case against Woody and Islam was filed in Manda",tech
"LAUSANNE, Switzerland — Greta Thunberg was among 30 young activists who walked out of a major European meeting of more than 400 students who have spent the last nine months boycotting school on Fridays to demand action on climate change. Thunberg, 16, has become the most visible spokesperson of the Fridays for Future movement after launching a solitary school strike in Stockholm in Stockholm. But during an emotional meeting Wednesday morning, the group left the main hall and sat down outside the front door, which BuzzFeed News witnessed, just before the conference was due to take up a draft platform of the movement’s demands. “We’re on strike,” said Janine O’Keeffe, an adult activist who lives in Sweden and has been active with the strike movement since its early days, and who had been participating in a committee drafting the movement’s demands. Multiple other participants also described the walkout as a “strike” to BuzzFeed News. Thunberg did not respond to requests to comment before this story was first published. But she said in a text message to BuzzFeed News after publication that she did not personally view the gathering as a protest. “I did not ‘join a walk out’ or ‘join a sit in.’ We are going in and out of meetings all the time,” she wrote. “In this case I sat down outside the auditorium to comfort a friend of mine who was sad and upset at the time.” This week's summit was convened in Lausanne, Switzerland, with the goal of articulating a shared vision and decision-making process for a movement that began as a spontaneous uprising but now brings hundreds of thousands to the streets worldwide. Ahead of a September meeting to discuss climate change in the United Nations General Assembly, the Fridays for Future movement is debating how to turn its visibility into political power that can quickly force policymakers to cut carbon emissions. The tension that led to the activists to exit the hall began with a fundamental disagreement about strategic vision and ho",science
"
 Keller’s 14th book follows the namesake protagonist as she holds down a mundane job while trying to write a novel. Hyper-relatable to anyone who has been stuck in a soulless corporate gig, Keller does a great job making Nadja the character and Nadja the book fully realized portraits that capture the tensions between doing wage work and trying to have an artistic life. University presses have long been key in the literary ecosystem when it comes to issuing original, risky work, and ’Bama’s is one of the most innovative. Writers Carol Guess and Aimee Parkison coauthored this collection of short stories about the impact that pop culture has on women. The concept of the “zoo” recurs throughout the book. In each chapter, a woman is in some kind of lockup, whether physically or emotionally. Biondolillo’s compelling experimental memoir takes some big risks, both in emotional openness and in structure (for instance, there is an entire chapter where most of the text is obscured with images of seashells). The result is a gorgeous book about trauma and its aftermath that carries much more weight than its slim 165 pages. The author of more than a dozen books spanning poetry, memoir, fiction, and translation, Medina’s latest is a novel rendered with a poet’s eye. It centers around Elena, an aspiring poet who is trapped in a village where most of the inhabitants are wrecked from drinking “firewater,” a brew potent enough to make them hallucinate. Elena finds a way to leave for 1960s Havana, where she encounters a new set of challenges: She ascends to the role of official poet of Cuba but then finds herself scrutinized by the regime. Under Medina’s care, this story is a surprisingly funny page-turner. What’s so lovely about this debut essay collection by a former Rumpus editor is how well she pairs her personal story with the backdrop of Middle America, a geographic and emotional landscape she defines not just by state boundaries but also by regional relationships to “hot dish,”",reader
"Women detained on Nauru who experienced complications late in pregnancy waited for days for proper medical care while lawyers fronted court in desperate bids to get them to Australia, according to an expert obstetrician. Caroline de Costa, a professor with 45 years of experience in obstetrics and gynaecology, said she had been involved in many cases where expert care in Australia was required and delays had been ""detrimental"" to women's health. She made the remarks in a submission supporting the medevac law, which gives doctors greater control over medical transfers from offshore detention to Australia. The Australian government is currently trying to repeal the law, and a parliamentary inquiry is considering the issue. Since 2013, de Costa has given advice and written reports for women on Nauru, many of which were tendered as evidence in court to secure their transfer to Australia for treatment. Some of these reports were for women who had undergone female genital mutilation. ""Complicated pregnancy and even pregnancy itself is not well cared for on Nauru,"" de Costa told BuzzFeed News. ""The facilities for birthing are not what they should be."" De Costa noted that complications can occur quickly and unexpectedly, and said the previous system — which sometimes involved court action by refugee lawyers — was beset with delays that endangered women. ""Pregnancy and birth are only normal until they become abnormal, and if that happens on a place like Nauru it is very difficult to transfer a woman, it is not safe and it can be very time-consuming."" She gave one example of a woman with several complications late in her pregnancy. The Australian government initially said the woman could be adequately cared for on Nauru, according to de Costa. It was difficult to get information on the woman's health. The woman's husband ended up accompanying her to a consultation and making a secret recording. ""I got the recording of that consultation and it was horrifying,"" she said. ""The do",health
"WASHINGTON — Reps. Mark Meadows and Pramila Jayapal couldn’t be more different. Meadows is a white Republican from North Carolina and a founding member of the ultraconservative Freedom Caucus, a group of lawmakers best known for ousting former House speaker John Boehner and holding up significant pieces of legislation to try to defund Planned Parenthood. Jayapal is a progressive woman of color from Washington state who came to the House after years of liberal activism. She’s the cochair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus and one of the only members of Congress to talk publicly about her experience having an abortion. Yet the two have forged a bond born out of a common trait: the desire to be a huge pain in the ass to party leadership. Meadows, who has done it for years, has a long track record of stirring up trouble. Now, with Democrats in the House majority, he’s ready to help Jayapal do the same. It began in April, when a budget fight was tearing the Democratic Party apart. Progressive leaders were demanding that a bill to set budget caps for the year be pulled further to the left, to moderates’ dismay. Jayapal and her cochair, Rep. Mark Pocan, built enough support among progressives to kill the bill; ultimately, Democratic leaders had to delay the vote. It was in the midst of this fight that an unexpected ally approached Jayapal: Meadows wanted to share some tips. “He came up to me and he was like, ‘I need to tell you all the experiences of the Freedom Caucus so you don't get screwed by your caucus the same way we were screwed by ours,’” Jayapal said in a recent interview with BuzzFeed News. Meadows was first elected in 2013, swept into Congress as part of the tea party wave under former president Barack Obama’s tenure. Two years later, the Freedom Caucus, as FiveThirtyEight noted at the time, didn’t have a website or an official roster, but it was powerful enough to end Boehner’s career. In the summer of 2015, Meadows even wrote a House resolution declaring",politics
"Twitter knows we treat each other terribly on Twitter. We dunk, ridiculing friends and strangers via quote-tweets. We ratio, piling on replies to bad tweets. We retweet without a second thought, spreading outrage and misinformation at warp speed. But within the next two weeks, Twitter will debut a series of experiments meant to calm us down — subtly motivating us to use the quote-tweet, reply, and retweet in nondestructive ways. “Everything on our platform incentivizes some form of behavior,” David Gasca, a senior director of product management at Twitter, told BuzzFeed News. Amid the company's push for healthier conversations, he’s wondering “if we modify how people can do retweets, or how people can reply, or how people can engage, how does that change conversation on the platform?” Twitter hopes to find out. In a meeting at its San Francisco headquarters in late October, Gasca and Suzanne Xie, director of product management at Twitter, showed off two experiments among several that will go live in the coming weeks: In the first, Twitter will add an emoji to a retweet, giving people a chance to quote-tweet without going into the compose field. Gasca and Xie want to find out if this feature might encourage people to express more nuanced emotions, putting a damper on dunking and mindless retweeting. In the second experiment, Twitter will automatically suggest people use an emoji in their replies. If you like something, you could use the heart-eyes emoji. If you don’t, you could use the red circle with a line going through it. But if you pick a negative emoji, Twitter will ask, “Why do you disagree?” — which it hopes will prompt a more thoughtful reply, rather than a flame war. Twitter’s experiments may seem small, but they could add up to big changes by the time the company is done with them, likely sometime in 2020. “We have big ambitions here. We're definitely serious about changing how conversations happen on Twitter,” Gasca said. The emoji tests come amid a sitew",tech
"OAKLAND, California — She walked toward the witness stand at eight months pregnant, her slow steps echoing in the cavernous federal courtroom. Two years earlier, she had been fired from her dream job at a Shell refinery after enduring months of harassment — sexist comments from two male supervisors, reprimands for documenting her coworkers’ mistakes, a lewd sticker on her desk. She got the termination notice just days before the end of her job’s nine-month probation period. The fallout was devastating. She lost the loan needed to buy her recently widowed mother’s house, spiraled into depression and anxiety, and ended up working at an airline two hours from her home for half the pay. The oil and gas industry is one of the last bastions of male-dominated work, with nearly four times as many men as women. Several of the biggest companies, including Shell, Chevron, and ExxonMobil, have launched splashy campaigns over the past decade to recruit more women and close the gender gap. But these efforts haven’t accomplished much. There is little doubt, lawyers and women in the industry say, that sexual and gender-based harassment remains rampant. And yet Big Oil has received surprisingly little scrutiny in the #MeToo era, partly because it’s difficult to gauge the scale of the problem. For example, 11 states, representing about a third of US refineries, and the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission said their rules bar releasing the number of gender discrimination and harassment complaints filed against specific refineries. Over the past five years, 25 lawsuits alleging gender discrimination, harassment, or retaliation have been filed against oil refineries, according to a BuzzFeed News and Type Investigations review of federal and California court documents. Only three of those cases have made it to trial. One took place last December, on the fourth floor of the federal district court in downtown Oakland. When the pregnant plaintiff took the stand, she looked out o",science
"On July 2, while much of the country was caught up in a bitter argument about whether President Donald Trump’s “Salute to America” 4th of July rally was a massively egotistical and expensive folly, the entire center of Washington, DC, was overrun by hundreds of thousands of Trump zealots who had arrived by plane, train, motorcycle, and even caravans of pickups hauling horse trailers from as far away as New Mexico. And if there was a locus for the chaos of the long holiday weekend, it was the Hotel Harrington. The shabby tourist stop, located just a few blocks from the White House, took on the air of a raucous festival for people who believe in civilizational conflict, complete with reunions of old friends and a swelling anticipation for the headline act. Across the street from the hotel, a sagging old pickup — trailed by a parade-style float on a 50-foot-long motorcycle trailer, with giant white letters reading “TRUMP” and “BUILD THE WALL” — was blasting country and dance hits through streets full of MAGA-hatted revelers well into the early hours of the morning. This giant contraption, known to the #MAGA faithful as the Trump Unity Bridge, has traveled tens of thousands of miles to protests and rallies in the last few years. On the patio of Harry’s, the ground-floor dive bar at the Harrington, a group of blue- polo-clad Proud Boys entertained a group of wildly drunk ultra-right-wing Ukrainians who kept falling off their stools, even as they yelled to the servers to bring them more beer. One Proud Boy was wearing a black Iron Cross as a necklace outside of his polo. I asked if it was what I thought it was, and he said “Yeah, man” without any hesitation. “It’s from World War I, so it’s not a racial thing,” he went on. “It’s just that I’m German.” “I think Trump is gay,” he said, using the word in its pejorative, not descriptive, sense. “But we’re conservatives, and we try to make an appearance at all the conservative events. This is fun for us.”I was surrounded by a c",reader
"The Australian government routinely ignored requests to evacuate desperately ill refugees from offshore detention, forcing lawyers to front court on weekends and in the middle of the night, an inquiry has heard. The Human Rights Law Centre (HRLC) has spoken out about just how difficult it was to secure medical transfers to Australia for their sick clients detained on Nauru and Papua New Guinea in the months before the ""medevac law"" was introduced in March this year. “I was in a court hearing over the phone at 1am on a Saturday night and in three cases on Christmas Eve,” HRLC senior lawyer David Burke told BuzzFeed News. “To be in court in the middle of the night and on weekends is extremely unusual.” All up, lawyers from various organisations brought 48 court cases – almost one a week – to have clients transferred for treatment between December 2017 and February 2019. They won every case. The HRLC detailed the pre-medevac process as it argued the law should not be repealed in its submission to a parliamentary committee considering the issue. The conditions clients were suffering from included psychosis, sepsis, encephalitis, resignation syndrome and pregnancy complications in which the life of the unborn child and mother were at grave risk. When lawyers provided medical evidence of these illnesses to the government, Burke said, they were met with delays and silence. “I was regularly speaking to mothers and fathers who were forced to watch while their children withdrew from life,” Burke said. “Desperate parents told me of children who could not eat and drink and were wasting away before their eyes. I spoke to husbands who were not sleeping because their wives could not be left alone due to untreated mental health conditions. “Doctors were telling me that our clients were at real risk of death unless they were urgently transferred to Australia. Yet, we often could not even get a response from the Australian government.” In one case in 2018, a paediatrician advised tha",health
"President Donald Trump’s financial records can remain private while the Supreme Court considers a case that tests Congress’s right to investigate the president and could uncover Trump’s past dealings during an impeachment inquiry. The Supreme Court issued a brief order Monday evening that gives Trump 10 days to formally appeal a lower court’s ruling against him and keeps his financial records under wraps at least temporarily. However, the stay does not guarantee the high court will hear the case. If the court denies his request for an appeal — known as a petition for a writ of certiorari — the lower court’s mandate to release the records will prevail. “Should the petition for a writ of certiorari be denied, this stay shall terminate automatically,” the court said. The House Oversight Committee, controlled by Democrats, issued a subpoena for the records — including, possibly, his tax forms — after one of the president’s personal lawyers, Michael Cohen, said in February that “Mr. Trump inflated his total assets when it served his purposes ... and deflated his assets to reduce his real estate taxes.” The Supreme Court had already given Trump a brief reprieve on Nov. 18, but only while the committee submitted additional court filings. Democratic lawmakers argued on Nov. 21 that a lower court’s order to release the records should take effect immediately. Although the dispute began with allegations that Trump misrepresented his finances, it’s become wrapped up in his impeachment inquiry. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said in her Sept. 24 announcement that the probe would encompass ongoing investigations, including those by the House Oversight Committee. As such, records obtained by the committee now could be used in the impeachment case. In his personal capacity, Trump and his flock of corporations filed a complaint in US District Court in Washington, DC, in April that attempted to block the request and prevent compliance by his accounting firm, Mazars USA, LLP. Trump had ar",politics
"Household debt has been rising for five straight years, and credit cards are a big reason why. Many factors contribute to this increase — unexpected expenses, student loan payments, stagnant wages — but according to data from the automated credit card debt managing app Tally, shared exclusively with BuzzFeed News, credit cards enable plenty of consumption. “The harsh reality is that credit cards make it easier to justify overspending,"" Jason Huynh, head of credit and analytics at Tally, told BuzzFeed News. ""It’s very easy to justify in the moment that the convenience of buying dinner at a restaurant outweighs making dinner at home. But what seems necessary in the moment can quickly become overwhelming credit card debt.” Tally sampled 6,500 of its users — most of them ages 18 to 34 — and examined transactions made between January 2017 and October 2019. One group carried above-average revolving balances, ranging from about $11,000 to $20,000. The second group carried lower balances of up to $3,000. Tally then ranked the top categories and retailers based on the amount of money spent annually. They found that no matter whether users carried high or low amounts of debt, they tended to spend on the same categories of expenses. The top spending category for both groups: eating at restaurants, followed by travel, transportation, and shopping at big box and grocery stores. Both groups also spent a lot shopping, for example on Amazon and Apple. While millennials have been more debt averse than other generations, Tally's data reflects a reliance on credit cards. According to a July report by Experian, millennials' credit card debt grew sharply in the past year. In a CreditCards.com poll, 23% of millennials said they carried a balance on their credit cards for at least a year. Many people also self reported that “day-to-day expenses such as groceries, child care or utilities” was the biggest reason they carried a balance from month to month on their credit cards. Yet based on ",tech
"New York City’s health department is warning the public that contact with the criminal justice system — everything from police stops or searches to incarceration to having a jailed relative — poses a public health risk. “The data show that involvement with the criminal justice system — even brief contact with the police or indirect exposure — is associated with lasting harm to people’s physical and mental health,” said health Commissioner Oxiris Barbot in a statement sent to BuzzFeed News. The announcement by the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene comes after San Francisco’s Health Commission took on incarceration as a public health issue in March, and Seattle essentially turned its juvenile justice system over to public health officials in 2017. “What New York is doing is smart — people don’t often see how the health care system and criminal justice are interlinked,” University of Georgia sociologist Sarah Shannon, who studies the health effects of incarceration on prisoners and families, said. “But especially in our era of mass incarceration, there has been a lot of evidence they have to affect each other.” The Department of Health and Mental Hygiene estimates around 577,000 people, 9% of New Yorkers, have been physically threatened or abused by the police. Overall, 29%, roughly 1.9 million people, report even being stopped, frisked, or questioned by the police. Those people have higher rates of heart disease, diabetes, drug abuse, and mental illness, warns the department, which is starting a new public health campaign focused on educating health care workers about chronic health conditions linked to these patients. Around 27% of those formerly incarcerated, for example, reported poor mental health, compared with 13% among the never incarcerated (the national rate for mental illness is 19%). And 29% of those reporting threats or abuse by the police had poor physical health, compared with 12% of those who hadn’t. The health department’s “Criminal",science
"In 1988, Whitney Houston was breaking records left and right. Her sophomore album Whitney, released in 1987, had debuted at No. 1 on the pop charts. Four of the singles from that album had topped the Billboard Hot 100, the first time a woman artist had ever accomplished this feat. Houston was nominated for three Grammys, including Album of the Year (she lost to U2’s Joshua Tree) and she was invited to open the televised ceremony with a performance of “I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Who Loves Me).” The accolades were proof that the commercial success of her debut album, Whitney Houston, wasn’t a fluke. The former teen church choir singer from New Jersey was officially en route to becoming one of the biggest pop stars of the ’80s and all time. Just a few weeks after her Grammy performance, however, Houston would receive a much more muted reception at the 2nd annual Soul Train Awards, which had been created by Soul Train founder Don Cornelius to “honor our own,” as Dionne Warwick put it to the Los Angeles Times. Houston was nominated for Best Music Video alongside Janet Jackson, Michael Jackson, and Jody Watley, but when the announcer read her name, the crowd — which had broken out into ecstatic cheers for the Jackson siblings — loudly and noticeably booed. The criticism? “Black disc jockeys have chided her for not having soul and for being too White,” read an Ebony profile of the singer from May 1991. In Living Color famously spoofed her with a “Rhythmless Nation” sketch: “There’s music on my side, which really helps me hide / plus the fact that I cannot really sing helps me do my thing,” warbled Kim Wayans as Houston, before launching into a lackluster running man. (The sketch was funny, sure, but it was also incredibly inaccurate. Yes, Houston couldn’t dance, but she didn’t have to — she could sang! And not to pit two black women against each other, but Whitney could sing Janet under the table. I will gladly die on this hill!) The criticism really stung Houston. “[D]o",reader
"Today, and often times on Wednesdays, you can find #WednesdayWisdom trending on Twitter. In between all the weird spam and unrelated tweets using the hashtag, you'll find a lot of people sharing quotes or thoughts that might uplift or educate you. So, here's a dash of some positive, quality food for thought on this fine Wednesday.",health
"One month after the Trump administration escalated efforts at the Supreme Court to legalize anti-LGBTQ discrimination, workers at the Justice Department fear they’ll be targeted next. In a letter to Attorney General Bill Barr, DOJ Pride — which represents thousands of LGBTQ employees across the sprawling law enforcement agency — said it surveyed members in response to the department’s recent courtroom advocacy. “We found a clear and negative impact on employee morale,” the three-page letter said. “Some reached out to us in alarm, afraid that their jobs could be in jeopardy.” Under Barr’s watch, the Justice Department argued last month in three Supreme Court cases that federal law allows discrimination against private-sector workers solely on the basis of their sexual orientation or gender identity. With potential ramifications across the country, a Supreme Court ruling in Barr’s favor would reverse numerous lower court decisions that had protected LGBTQ workers. The hardline stance under Trump has meant LGBTQ workers at the DOJ became, in essence, cogs in the very machine fighting to allow discrimination against people like them. “Every response but one reflected concern, dismay, and even distress about the cases,” said the letter sent Friday and made public Monday. The letter warned that this climate could cause staffers to remain in the closet while top talent flees the department. The Justice Department workers, it continued, “believe that the Department does not support its LGBTQ workforce, that the Department thinks LGBTQ people do not need or deserve anti-discrimination protections, that the Department will be less able to recruit and retain talented employees, that Department employees will be less comfortable coming out at work, and that the Department’s litigation positions set back the Department’s mission of promoting justice, fairness, and equality.” Although the Justice Department was parsing federal law, not saying LGBTQ workers are unworthy of protect",politics
"Australians can again access the website formerly known as 8chan, despite the government’s attempts to block the forum for its role in spreading the Christchurch shooter’s livestream footage and manifesto. The site is back online as 8kun, a near-identical clone of the anonymous imageboard, which went offline in August when service provider Cloudflare decided the site had ""caused multiple tragic deaths"". The Australian eSafety Commissioner Julie Inman Grant told BuzzFeed News she is aware of the new site but has no plans to restrict access to it because nobody has posted content from the Christchurch shooting — that she's aware of. ""If the Christchurch attack video and/or manifesto are shown to be hosted on 8kun or any other site, Australians can report it to the eSafety Commissioner and we will consider exercising our range of powers, as appropriate,"" she said. The eSafety Commissioner has wide-ranging powers to carry out its aim of protecting Australians from harmful online content, including everything from image-based abuse to violent terrorist material. In September, Inman Grant directed Australia's internet service providers and telecommunications companies to block eight websites said to be hosting content related to the Christchurch shooting, including 8chan. This ban doesn’t apply to 8kun. The reincarnated version of 8chan comes with a new domain name (reportedly based on a Japanese honorific wordplay) and host, which means it circumvents the site-blocking list maintained by Inman Grant. Inman Grant said that if 8kun did host the Christchurch video, she would just update the list to block it. ISP and telecommunication industry peak body Communications Alliance CEO John Stanton said the change in domain name illustrates the challenges of blocking online content. ""The so-called ‘whack-a-mole’ syndrome, whereby sites reinvent themselves under new names and domains, is an inherent limitation to any form of site-blocking regime,"" Stanton told BuzzFeed News. La Tr",tech
"Greenland’s massive ice sheet is experiencing one of its biggest melting events on record, losing some 11 billion tons of ice in a 24-hour period after Earth’s hottest June and July in recorded history. Temperatures in Europe have soared to record highs this summer in an ongoing trend of longer summers and excessive heat due to climate change. Hot air originating in North Africa broke records in major cities across Europe last month before making its way to the Greenland ice sheet. According to NASA, Greenland’s glaciers are undergoing a “major melting event,” with billions of tons of meltwater draining into the Atlantic Ocean — enough to cover the entire state of Florida with nearly five inches of water. Over half of the Greenland ice sheet has softened as a direct result of this heat, which has caused an immediate rise in sea water. “July has re-written climate history, with dozens of new temperature records at local, national and global level,” said World Meteorological Organization Secretary-General Petteri Taalas. “The extraordinary heat was accompanied by dramatic ice melt in Greenland, in the Arctic and on European glaciers. Unprecedented wildfires raged in the Arctic for the second consecutive month, devastating once pristine forests which used to absorb carbon dioxide and instead turning them into fiery sources of greenhouse gases. This is not science fiction. It is the reality of climate change. It is happening now and it will worsen in the future without urgent climate action,” Taalas said. These pictures show how climate change has resulted in catastrophic damage to the Greenland ice sheet.    Visitors look out onto free-floating ice in the Ilulissat Icefjord during unseasonably warm weather near Ilulissat, Greenland. An iceberg floats in Disko Bay behind houses in Ilulissat, Greenland. Large rivers of melting water form on an ice sheet in Western Greenland and drain into moulin holes that empty into the ocean from underneath the ice. Large rivers of mel",science
"In Michelle Rial's new book Am I Overthinking This? Over-Answering Life's Questions in 101 Charts, the illustrator (and former BuzzFeed employee) hints at the answers to the questions we ask ourselves every day. All images courtesy Michelle Rial. Am I Overthinking This? Over-Answering Life's Questions in 101 Charts by Michelle Rial is out now.",reader
"If you follow Khloé Kardashian on Instagram, you'll be well aware that she's currently on a very luxurious beach vacation with her daughter, True Thompson. She's spent the last couple of days sharing photos of herself and True lounging on the beach and having fun, and honestly, I can't blame her. And yesterday, Khloé posted this series of photos of True and her cousin, Chicago West, tucking into some giant bags of Cheetos and veggie straws. But while the photos were undeniably adorable (and extremely relatable), Khloé's caption has caused some controversy among people in the comments. Several people accused Khloé or promoting ""diet culture"" to her young child, calling the caption ""concerning"" and ""toxic"". ""For the love of God please never actually say this around a little girl,"" one person wrote. The conversation continued on Twitter, where Khloé posted three of the photos again with the same caption. The replies were flooded with people saying the joke was inappropriate, and encouraging Khloé to ""be careful"" of what she's teaching her child. Some people said the caption reflects the kind of thinking that results in young people growing up with insecurities regarding their bodies. But others said people shouldn't take the joke so seriously. A representative for Khloé Kardashian has been contacted for comment.",health
"WASHINGTON — After two weeks of public hearings, the House Intelligence Committee announced Monday that it has conclusive evidence against President Donald Trump and is entering the next phase of the impeachment inquiry. In a letter to House Democrats, Rep. Adam Schiff, the Intelligence Committee chair, wrote that the panel will prepare a report summarizing the evidence from its investigation of Trump — including hearings and depositions — which will be handed over to the Judiciary Committee after Congress returns from Thanksgiving recess. The Judiciary Committee and its chair, Jerry Nadler, will compile the evidence and determine whether to recommend articles of impeachment to the full House of Representatives. The committee will then be responsible for writing those articles before the House votes on whether to send the issue to a trial in the Senate. “Over the course of our inquiry, we have uncovered a months-long effort in which President Trump again sought foreign interference in our elections for his personal and political benefit at the expense of our national interest,” wrote Schiff. “As the evidence conclusively shows, President Trump conditioned official acts — a White House meeting desperately desired by the new Ukrainian president and critical U.S. military assistance — on Ukraine announcing sham, politically-motivated investigations that would help President Trump’s 2020 reelection campaign.” Schiff wrote that the committee would continue to investigate and would not“foreclose the possibility of further depositions or hearings.” Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced on Sept. 24 that Congress would formally begin an impeachment inquiry after reports surfaced that Trump withheld aid to Ukraine in exchange for an investigation into his political rivals, including former vice president Joe Biden and his family. Since then, the Intelligence, Oversight, and Foreign Affairs committees have deposed 17 witnesses in closed-door meetings, including former and current for",politics
"After a brutal year-long campaign, the results of Australia’s historic referendum on whether to become a republic were finally in. The “Yes” campaign won with 56% of the vote, just as polls had predicted. Elated republicans celebrated, while the monarchists grumbled to one another about a negative, dirty campaign. That night, the Wall Street Journal reported that negotiations had already begun between Australia and the Crown about the country’s long-awaited departure from the Commonwealth. A former prime minister and architect of the referendum was privately ecstatic at the result, but kept a distance from the celebrations. After all, the head moderator of the AustraliaSim subreddit is supposed to remain impartial. The referendum, the media coverage, the former prime minister: all of it is part of AustraliaSim, a Reddit community and online roleplayer game in which participants emulate the argy-bargy of #auspol — with a startling degree of detail. It’s like the mock parliaments or model United Nations conducted in high schools and universities, except AustraliaSim plays out through a network of subreddits and Discord chatrooms. One aspect of the student iterations, though, has remained: participants take it extremely seriously. In AustraliaSim politicians write, debate and vote on pieces of legislation. They create political parties and make deals to bind together in coalitions to try and form government. The party leaders hold online press conferences where they field questions from people acting as journalists who write real articles for fake versions of well-known publications. When there’s a dispute over an interpretation of the AustraliaSim constitution, naturally it goes to the High Court for a ruling. Why do they do this? For Reddit user, and former prime minister, Youma (the people interviewed for this piece asked to be quoted by their AustraliaSim username) it’s fun. Youma had been keen to find a community full of people who were also into politics. “Austra",tech
"A hidden epidemic of chronic disease — organ failure, leaky blood vessels, and “flesh eating” infections — might threaten cocaine and meth users in coming years because of increasing signs of dangerous adulterants in illicit drugs, analysts warn. That’s worrisome because cocaine use is up 47% since its low point in 2011, with 2.2% of people over the age of 12 reporting they have snorted or smoked it in the last year. US cocaine and methamphetamine overdose deaths have also roughly tripled in the last five years, according to the CDC. (Methamphetamine overdoses killed 12,987 people last year, and cocaine overdoses killed another 15,699.) The increases in deaths from these stimulant drugs have been obscured by an even larger number of deaths from opioids: mostly painkiller pills, heroin, or illicit fentanyl. More than 40,000 people died of opioid overdoses in 2018, a slight decline from the previous year, which remarkably led to the first decline in total US overdose deaths in 28 years. “While the declining trend of overdose deaths is an encouraging sign, by no means have we declared victory against the epidemic or addiction,” Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar said in a statement addressing the drop of 5%, which still left a total of 67,774 people dead. “We also face other emerging threats, like concerning trends in cocaine and methamphetamine overdoses.” Cocaine mixed with fentanyl, a potent opioid, is thought to be the major driver of the rise in stimulant deaths. The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime blames record coca crops in Colombia and cheaper cocaine for a resultant stimulant-drug boom worldwide. But the other emerging contributor is a hidden wave of toxic lab-made adulterants that are infiltrating the illicit drugs, suggest some experts in international narcotics. “The danger is that we may not see a hidden epidemic starting up until it is too late,” Thom Browne of the Colombo Plan Secretariat, an intergovernmental Asia-Pacific organizatio",science
"In crafting a coming-of-stage story set under the bleary, borderline-palpable lights of Manhattan’s Times Square in the summer of 1940, author Elizabeth Gilbert has deliberately (but far from ignorantly) eschewed producing a story that mirrors the dark, heavy political and social mire of modern times. Any medium grounded in the year 1940 would, of course, be remiss to ignore the vile storm brewing in the United States (and beyond) at the time, but Gilbert’s dextrous storytelling finds a way of creating a narrative that is somehow politically aware and downright romplike.And so City of Girls follows the mile-a-minute goings-on of Vivian, a bright-eyed 19-year-old dripping with curiosity who checks off every connotation of the word “virginal” one could possibly procure. Kicked out of Vassar and dropped off in the city, Vivian encounters cheap thrills, a cast of histrionic and outrageous friends, and, of course, the kind of love one can find only in the thick, humid air of New York City. Ultimately, City of Girls provides a sort of summertime escapism that doesn’t sacrifice sharpness or wit, a rare example of a “beach read” with shrewd edge and something to say. What exactly that is really depends on what you’re looking for from Girls, which has something to offer any reader as hungry as its delightfully voracious protagonist. Get your copy now. —Kyle Davis Bright and motivated, 15-year-old Ilya has achieved what he and his brother Vladmir have dreamed of their whole lives: a ticket to America in the form of an exchange program between his small Russian refinery town, Berlozhniki, and its sister oil town across the world in Louisiana. But Ilya is unable to savor his achievement because his arrival in the States is clouded by Vlad’s recent incarceration back in Russia after confessing to the murders of three women. Convinced of his brother’s innocence, Ilya is determined to set Vlad free with the help of Sadie, the enigmatic eldest daughter of his American host family.I",reader
"Plus-size model Ashley Graham is known for keeping it real, frequently opening up about body positivity, the modeling industry, representation, and more. A few days ago, the 31-year-old announced that she is expecting her first child with her husband, filmmaker Justin Ervin. Today, Ashley shared a photo of her changing body, writing, ""Same same but a little different."" It's so rare to see untouched photos of bodies on Instagram, so people were stoked to see a beautiful one that was real, stretch marks and all! They remarked how important it is for real bodies to have visibility... ...especially in the media. People felt seen... ...while others got emotional. Some women even shared personal stories. And many thanked Ashley and other women for ""proudly showing themselves"" and for being open about ""how women look in real life."" Ultimately, Ashley's post was inspiring as hell and made people love themselves a little bit more, yours truly, included. Thanks for keeping it real, Ashley ❤️. Also, congrats, Mama!!",health
"For Facebook, last cycle’s liabilities are this cycle’s selling points. Seeking to regain trust after the 2016 election, Facebook stood before political marketers last week with a new message: We’re paying attention this time. The company gathered more than 100 political operatives at the Long View Gallery in Washington, DC, last Thursday night, seeking to diminish concerns that Facebook had become a high-risk place to conduct political activity. Over the past two and a half years, the tech giant said, it’s taken measures to avoid a repeat of its past nightmares. By the time the evening was over, there was little doubt that Facebook's pitch to political marketers is now all about safety. “We’ve learned lessons from 2016, and have seen threats evolve, ensuring that our defenses stay ahead of those efforts, making it harder to use our platform for election interference,” the company said in a marketing handout obtained by BuzzFeed News. Facebook seems to have scrapped its traditional pitch to political marketers, which emphasized its ability to reach and persuade voters with targeted messaging. For instance: A case study on how former Florida governor Rick Scott used Facebook for marketing, since buried on the company’s website, took credit for tipping an election: “Its message reached 62% of the target audience,” the study said, “bringing in more Hispanic votes and working as a deciding factor in Scott’s re-election.” Instead, the company is now emphasizing its technology to prevent voter suppression, its use of artificial intelligence to stop fake account creation, and its teams that go after bad actors. “While it was a very interesting presentation, it felt very ‘face-saving’ in the shadow of Google's recent changes to their targeting practices,” one person in attendance told BuzzFeed News. “Facebook said that they had nothing new to announce at this reception, and at the present time they had no plans to change the targeting system for Facebook ads.” Facebook did ",politics
"The man Donald Trump Jr. and other prominent Republicans accused this week of being the whistleblower who sparked the impeachment inquiry has been a right-wing target since 2017 — when he was accused by a pro-Trump media personality of being “pro-Ukraine and anti-Russia” and leaking damaging information about the administration. Trump Jr.’s tweet naming the CIA officer and former National Security Council staffer came days after a Trump rally in Kentucky on Monday, where Republican Sen. Rand Paul called on Republicans in Capitol Hill to subpoena former vice president Joe Biden and his son Hunter, as well as the whistleblower. Paul — who did not say the name — demanded the media print the purported whistleblower’s name. Florida Republican Rep. Matt Gaetz has also recently tweeted the name. Asked by BuzzFeed News on Tuesday how he knew the whistleblower’s name, Paul pointed to an Oct. 30 report on Real Clear Investigations, written by the conservative writer Paul Sperry. “The person that [Real Clear Investigations] named, that person was in the White House under Obama, did work for Joe Biden, and was there at the time Hunter Biden was being paid $50,000 per month by a Ukrainian oligarch. There are material questions regardless of his involvement as a whistleblower,"" said Paul. The whistleblower’s lawyers said in a statement that “identifying any suspected name for the whistleblower will place that individual and their family at risk of serious harm. We will not confirm or deny any name that is published or promoted by supporters of the president.” “We will note, however, that publication or promotion of a name shows the desperation to deflect from the substance of the whistleblower complaint. It will not relieve the President of the need to address the substantive allegations, all of which have been substantially proven to be true,” added the whistleblower’s lawyers. In the story, Real Clear Investigations named a 33-year-old former National Security Council staffer a",tech
"Satellites are watching for an unwelcome record at the very top of our warming world: In the next few weeks, we could see a new low for the area of sea ice in the Arctic Ocean. Each year, the low for sea ice arrives around mid-September after the long summer melt. The previous record — by some margin — was in 2012. Right now, this year’s melt is proceeding even faster, as the chart below shows. The loss of sea ice is particularly bad news for polar bears, which range across it to hunt their seal prey. But it could also make life tougher for us all, by accelerating global warming. As white ice is replaced by darker water, less of the sun’s energy will be reflected back into space, further warming the world and likely disrupting patterns of ocean circulation. It’s no surprise that 2019 is shaping up to be an exceptional year for sea ice loss. We have already experienced the hottest June and July across the globe ever. Still, experts say that it’s unclear whether the 2012 record will be broken. “There’s a pretty big variation in the trajectory it can take from here,” Walt Meier, a member of the team that tracks sea ice for the National Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder, Colorado, told BuzzFeed News. As you can see from the chart above, 2012 was unusual in that a steep decline in the area covered by sea ice continued well into August, rather than starting to level off from the end of July. In part, that was due to a strong storm that formed off the coast of Alaska on Aug. 5, 2012, and then shifted to the middle of the Arctic Ocean. As it did so, it helped break up the sea ice, contributing to the record set that year. As well as its expanse of sea ice, the Arctic is home to the Greenland ice sheet, the planet’s largest mass of ice outside of Antarctica. (If it were to melt in one go, sea levels would rise by about 24 feet.) The Greenland ice sheet, too, melts during the summer, and 2012 was again a record year. Tracking the ice sheet’s annual rise and fall is harder t",science
"In the opening scene of Jawline, 16-year-old aspiring social media star Austyn Tester poses for a friend as he tries to capture the perfect shot for his daily Instagram post. “Tell me something funny so I’ll laugh,” he says, poofing out his beach-wavy hair as he poses in front of a brick wall in a grassy meadow. One picture is too sunny; another is too close; a more high-concept one where he stares at his own shadow is also deemed unacceptable. Ultimately none of them work, and he and his friend sprint across the grass to their next activity. That opening scene — a reminder that “being yourself” online is actually work — captures the intimate and nonsensationalist flavor of this new Hulu production. Thanks to sponcon controversies, beauty YouTuber drama, and photoshop scandals, the general public and mainstream media have become (reluctantly) fascinated with the behind-the-scenes goings-on of the world of influencers, if mostly to focus on the absurdity of their dumb gaffes and vapidity. Jawline, directed by Liza Mandelup, smartly sidesteps that kind of mockery. The documentary mostly chronicles Austyn’s journey — it’s his face on promotional materials — through the ups and downs of social media stardom, giving us access to his emotions and personal experience. It captures the labor involved in being a social media personality, from the performances required from the stars, to the needs they fill for fans, to the strategies deployed by savvy managers. But for all the film’s strengths, the nearly exclusive focus on Austyn’s personal story means that the narrative sometimes veers into clichés about the pitfalls of stardom. The insistent emphasis on his journey leaves less room for focusing on the newer, more interesting aspects of the influencer economy — like the gendered dynamics of teen girl fandoms and the ruthless, unchecked power of tech platforms — that actually allow for Austyn’s dreams of social media stardom in the first place. Jawline is at its best when ca",reader
"16 Wholesome Comics About Animals, Relationships, And Life That Are Good For A Rainy Day 17 Comics That Are 100% Funny, 100% Relatable, And 100% What You Need Today If You Don't Laugh At These 17 Comics, Clearly You Have No Sense Of Humor 16 Funny Comics About Boobs You're Not Allowed To Read Unless You Have Boobs 17 Summer Comics That Are 50% Relatable And 50% Hilarious When your clothes are designed not for function but ~fashion~ (ugh). When your period decides to give you the rudest of awakenings. When you realize shaving your legs just isn't necessary. When you don't care about other people's opinions...well most people's anyway. When you notice the evolution of your undies. When you go to the OB-GYN for the first time. When you turn over in bed and this magic trick happens. When you take joy in the little things. When you find an alternate use for lingerie. When a little change makes a big difference...to others. When you put on a brave face despite how you're feeling. When you learn a new move for awkward social situations. When you THOUGHT you found the perfect color. When you wear the nightmare that is a strapless bra. When you take a little risk and it totally backfires. And finally, when even the simple things in life are stupidly unfair. Previously: Love comics? Follow BuzzFeed's @comics on Instagram for more!",health
"ATLANTA — Ask a young black voter in Atlanta about Joe Biden’s presidential campaign and you’ll likely be met with an exasperated sigh, a side-eye, or a grimace before they launch into a frustrated answer about the former vice president. The young voters say they’re tired of Biden tying the promise of his campaign to former president Barack Obama’s legacy and what they see as older generations of black voters’ inability to see past that legacy in support of another candidate who just might push the country in a more progressive direction. “It really bothers me!” Ayanna Ucheena Woodfolk, 18, a freshman at Spelman College, said of Biden’s stronghold on older black voters. “I think it’s because they think, He was with Obama, so he must be OK. But it’s really important to, even if they look good, listen to what they’re saying and at least attempt to learn about them.” “If you’re paying a little bit of attention at all, it just seems like he doesn’t seem to have the gusto that I need. I feel like we need someone who’s going to be a champion for people like me, and he doesn’t have what it takes to be the president for people like me,” Ucheena Woodfolk added. Over a dozen young black people who spoke with BuzzFeed News at a nonpartisan debate night watch party hosted by Black Youth Vote and Georgia Stand-Up at Georgia State University and at Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders rallies in Atlanta this past week said that there’s a clear generational divide that’s formed between older and younger cohorts of black voters when it comes to what they’re expecting from a presidential candidate. Older black voters’ willingness to quickly give their support to Biden is frustrating, they said, and concerning for their futures. “I want change. I don’t want the next 20 years to look like the previous 20 years,” said Bryan Bloomfield, a senior at Morehouse College. “They know he’ll move the needle just enough maybe, and I think they believe that’s good enough and any progress is better",politics
"Born 1961. Born 1964. Born 1964. Born 1961. Born 1953. Born 1962. Born 1964. Born 1962. Born 1962. Born 1964. Born 1958. Born 1963. Born 1960. Born 1960. Born 1962. Born 1962. Born 1953. Born 1958. Born 1959. Born 1957. Born 1964. Born 1958. Born 1955. Born 1964. Born 1954. Born 1958. Born 1956. Born 1963. Born 1963. Born 1961. Born 1957. Born 1959. Born 1963. Born 1956. Born 1964. Born 1963. Born 1964. Born 1962. Born 1964. Born 1962. Born 1964. Born 1961. Born 1964. Born 1962. Born 1960. Born 1964 (pictured with Gen-X'er Alexandra Grant). Born 1963. Born 1960. The years Michelle Yeoh, Kim Basinger, and Spike Lee were born were misstated in an earlier version of this post. Janeane Garofalo's and Anthony Kiedis's names were misspelled in an earlier version of this post. Baby boomers were born between 1946 and 1964. Barack Obama Courtney Love Eddie Vedder Dennis Rodman Kim Gordon Tom Cruise Rosie Perez Axl Rose Demi Moore Lenny Kravitz Madonna Tori Amos RuPaul Lisa Vanderpump Jon Bon Jovi Michelle Yeoh Kim Basinger Ice-T Paul Westerberg Spike Lee Janeane Garofalo Babyface Kris Jenner Bret Easton Ellis Oprah Ellen DeGeneres Kenny G Vanessa Williams John Stamos Enya Robert Pollard Sade Benjamin Bratt Ramona Singer Vivica A. Fox Jet Li Sandra Bullock Anthony Kiedis Wanda Sykes Tommy Lee Mary-Louise Parker Keith Sweat Marisa Tomei Jon Stewart Damon Wayans Keanu Reeves Lisa Kudrow Michael Stipe CORRECTION",tech
"Shirley Baker, a nurse, deftly ties on a surgical mask before opening the door. But she’s not striding into the operating room: she is about to mow her lawn, which is ringed by a high chain-link fence festooned with biohazard signs. Baker lives in Anniston, Alabama, 63 miles from Birmingham. Her city of 24,000 is 52 percent African American, but mostly it’s the city’s black residents who inhabit the neighborhoods that have fallen into decay wrought by widespread pollution. These form a patchwork quilt of moribund communities and biological “dead zones” where nothing grows. Behind some doors, the unemployed fight cancer, paralysis, memory loss, and a bewildering array of poorly characterized diseases. Subdued children play, eerily quiet, against a backdrop of toxic lawns, oily creeks, tainted vegetation, and sere trees. Other neighborhoods are already dead. Vegetation has overtaken blocks of abandoned houses, with streetlights gone permanently dark, empty churches, and, always, the biohazard signs. Everywhere in Anniston, worried parents shoo children from parks and playgrounds. Many backyard creeks run blood red. Homeowners have forsaken their poisoned gardens to grow greens in sterile plastic buckets. Children here seem slower and sicker than most, says Shirley’s husband, David, whose own brother died at 16 after years of illness. His daughter displays an assortment of behavior problems and has been relegated to special-education classes. A ten-year-old girl down the street has uterine cancer, he says, and he repeatedly assured me that several children nearby have been born with “two brains.” I wonder whether he means that they were born without a normally developed corpus callosum, which separates the brain’s hemispheres, but I can’t find out: their parents don’t return my phone calls. For many Americans, a modern dread of contamination has been distilled into cathartic post apocalyptic film fare such as 28 Days Later, Right at Your Door, or Dawn of the Dead that ",science
"“How Can Black People Write About Flowers at a Time Like This,” is both a question a white woman once posed to her seatmate during a reading Abdurraqib attended in 2016 as well as the name of several recurring poems in the Ohio writer’s (and occasional BuzzFeed News contributor’s) second poetry collection. The title also sums up the tone of the collection — at turns irreverently funny, angry, and melancholic. Ranging from reflections on heartache and grief to envisioning Marvin Gaye’s ghost playing the dozens, the poems are an insistence on exploring the small, mundane joys and sorrows of ordinary life even in the midst of larger political upheaval. It’s 1977 in Uruguay, and the country is under a military dictatorship. Groups of five or more people can’t gather in private spaces without a permit, and while homosexuality isn’t outlawed outright, it doesn’t need to be, because being an out gay man or woman is an automatic prison sentence. Under these dire straits, five women — ringleader Flaca, activist Romina, housewife Anita, the mysterious Malena, and the teenage Paz — go on an excursion to an isolated beach where they can just be themselves — “cantoras,” or women who sing, a code name for lesbians. Over the course of 35 years, De Robertis charts the fortunes of these women as they fall in and out of love and navigate the country’s tumultuous politics. That it’s written in such lovely prose is an added bonus. When writer Dina Nayeri was 15 years old, she became an American citizen. At the swearing-in ceremony, an elderly Indian man screamed into the mic: “I am an American! Finally, I am American.” People cheered for him, but for Nayeri, who had left Iran as a refugee with her mother and brother, the moment was bittersweet. “I refuse to deny the simple and vast beauty of it,” she writes in her first work of nonfiction, “though I know that they cheered not the old man himself, but his spasm of gratitude, an avowal of transformation into something new, into them.” It",reader
"Although kidneys are normally located in the back, on each side of the lower spine, a transplanted kidney gets placed in the front, lower abdomen. Over the last six years Sarah Hyland — known for playing the lovely Haley Dunphy from Modern Family — has openly talked about her health issues, including receiving two kidney transplants. And by sharing her struggles, she has inspired others to regain confidence in themselves. Earlier this year – at the Vanity Fair Oscars after-party – Sarah defended her reason for wearing two pairs of Spanx. But she has now kicked those Spanx to the curb! In her caption, Sarah talked being both terrified and excited during her first nationally televised performance. Then, after thanking the fans and Fox network, she thanked her lil' kidney bump: Sarah and Jordan McGraw sang ""Met at a Party"" and SHE AND HER ""KUPA"" looked 🔥🔥🔥! (Jordan looked great, too.) Women appreciated Sarah being her authentic self. Dear Sarah and ""KUPA,"" we love you!",health
"Michael Bloomberg, the billionaire former mayor of New York City, has decided to run for president in the Democratic primary. Bloomberg launched his campaign Sunday morning with an ad painting him as a ""jobs creator"" and on his website writes that America ""may never recover from the damage"" if Donald Trump were to win a second term. ""I believe my unique set of experiences in business, government, and philanthropy will enable me to win and lead,"" he wrote. He officially filed a ""statement of candidacy"" with the Federal Election Commission, a formal step in the process of entering the race, last Thursday. He is joining the race very late, with the Iowa caucuses under three months away on Feb. 3. His decision also comes after he has already filed to get on the primary ballot in several states ahead of deadlines, but he did so without saying definitively if he would run. Bloomberg's decision is something of an about-face for a politician who has considered and declined presidential runs many times before. In March, he said he would skip the race because he said he was ""less interested in talking than doing."" He's also the second person to make that flip this month, after former Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick joined the Democratic primary race earlier in November. Bloomberg, 77, is a strange fit in the primary. He was first elected as mayor of New York City as a Republican in 2001, before leaving the party in 2007 and winning a third term as an independent in 2009. He registered as a Democrat in 2018, when he was considering running for president. Party allegiance has already been an issue in the race this year — Joe Biden has implicitly criticized Elizabeth Warren for being a registered Republican decades ago. “I’ve been a Democrat my whole life,"" Biden said at a recent fundraiser in Pittsburgh. ""This person has only fairly recently in the mid-’90s become a Democrat."" He's also joining a campaign where extreme wealth has been a focus. Warren and Bernie Sanders hav",politics
"Since 2004, more than 2,000 newspapers have closed in the United States, and many local news outlets are struggling to build a digital business. But one remarkable success story is the Albany Daily News, a website that clocked nearly 10 million pageviews in August, roughly five times that of the 160-year-old Albany Times Union newspaper, according to analytics service SimilarWeb. The most popular news site in Albany has a simple secret to success: Fake just about everything and rake in the advertising dollars. The Albany Daily News is an empty husk of a website filled with old content that for months was showered with questionable traffic as part of a digital ad fraud scheme, according to new research from Social Puncher, an ad fraud prevention consultancy. The Albany site has a Canadian counterpart, City of Edmonton News, that’s generated more pageviews than authentic local news operations such as the Edmonton Journal and Edmonton Sun, according to SimilarWeb. Those two were recently joined by another fake local site, the Laredo Tribune, which began receiving significant traffic in September. There’s also a now-dormant site called the Stanton Daily whose domain now redirects to the Albany site. “It’s remarkable — who said local news is dead, right?” said Joshua Benton, director of the Nieman Journalism Lab at Harvard University, after examining two of the sites and their analytics for BuzzFeed News. The Albany and Edmonton sites have not been updated in months, have no employees associated with them, and list no larger corporate entity. Their homepages are filled with bland, out-of-date rewrites of local stories first reported by real news outlets. Beyond the homepage, the sites are chock-full of old celebrity content that has nothing to do with the cities they supposedly cover. They do not have active social media accounts, nor do they list an office address or any contact details. “You’d think they would do a better job of hiding their non-reality,” Benton said. ",tech
"People are using kits in the mail to discover information about their biological ancestry and connect with (sometimes famous) distant relatives. In some cases, they’re even solving decades-old mysteries about their families. Other DNA tests are helping people find out genetic information related to their health and fitness — and making huge decisions about their bodies. These ever-growing genealogy databases are also helping authorities and amateur sleuths solve infamous cold cases. And these databases have recently been used to clear innocent people of crimes. Politicians have even called for DNA to be used to reconnect kids separated from their families at the border. But there are also privacy concerns surrounding the use of this consumer technology, as people who’ve never taken any test are finding out that they, too, can be traced and identified based on the actions of distant relatives. Some are also using genetic information in racist and discriminatory ways. So tell us, what’s the craziest thing that’s happened to you, or someone you know, after taking a DNA test? Did you or someone else learn something that has upended your life or exposed the answer to a mystery? What are you doing with the results of a DNA test you took? Has it changed the way you’re living your life — for the better or the worse? Or did the results get used in a surprising way you weren’t expecting? Any responses can be anonymous. Based on the information you share with us, we may reach out to you to learn more for a possible story! And remember, you can always pass on information to BuzzFeed News through our secure tip line. All the information you need to reach us confidentially is here. DNA testing is becoming an increasingly common part of modern life. As BuzzFeed News continues to cover this growing trend, we want to know if you are sitting on our next big story without even realizing it.",science
"I’m starting to realize that in internet years, I’m very old. But instead of feeling irrelevant because of my ignorance of current memes or the fact that, increasingly, all my tweets are about how much I hate air travel, I feel compelled to share my hard-earned wisdom. The further away I get from my youth, the more I want to warn the younger generation, those Gen Z’ers in their puka shell necklaces and scrunchies and Vans that what they love is actually unmitigated garbage. I never knew I’d be repeating the sentences my Gen X brother used to say to me — “When you’re older, you’ll understand that I’m right” — and yet here I am, telling my niece that no, I will not be watching Friends with her. Friends, my darling, is terrible. This September will mark the 25th anniversary of the premiere of Friends, and like most significant pop culture anniversaries, it’s set off an outpouring of collective nostalgia. Pop-up events, public screenings, and merchandise are all materializing for die-hard fans, because everyone could use a bracelet with a catcall written on it. People are debating whether Friends or Seinfeld is better (not to spoil my own article, but it’s Seinfeld and this should be obvious). Marine biologists who probably spent years in school and hundreds of thousands of dollars on their education are out here informing us that, actually, lobsters don’t mate for life, contrary to what Phoebe, a fictional character in a bad television show whose entire personality trait is being flighty, said at some point in the late ’90s. We have also recently learned that the monkey actor who played Ross’s pet (an actual plotline from a show about people living in New York, where half the landlords won’t even let you have a well-behaved dog) is still working — which is, I guess, good for the monkey. The content never ends, and yet, somehow, people never seem to lose their appetite for more. It was recently reported that Robert De Niro is suing a former employee for, in part, watchi",reader
"You know Emily Ratajkowski. She's a model, actor, activist, and outspoken feminist. In a new essay for Harper's Bazaar, Emily shared her thoughts on femininity, gender, sexuality, and more. She also shared a photo of her armpit hair, sparking a debate on Instagram. In her essay, she wrote, ""If I decide to shave my armpits or grow them out, that’s up to me. For me, body hair is another opportunity for women to exercise their ability to choose — a choice based on how they want to feel, and their associations with having or not having body hair."" ""On any given day, I tend to like to shave, but sometimes letting my body hair grow out is what makes me feel sexy. And there is no right answer, no choice that makes me more or less of a feminist, or even a 'bad feminist,' to borrow from Roxane Gay."" ""As long as the decision is my choice, then it’s the right choice. Ultimately, the identity and sexuality of an individual is up to them and no one else."" Many praised Emily for speaking so openly and honestly... ...but others (mostly men) commented ""unfollow"" or stated that not shaving was unhygienic (I guess most men are unhygienic, then??) or ""not womanly."" But fans defended Emily against the haters, saying that she was ""using [her] privilege to fight for individual freedom and destroying beauty dogmas."" Others pointed out that something that grows naturally on everyone shouldn't be labeled either ""masculine"" or ""feminine,"" which, like, TRUE. Some even felt curious as to what they would look like with armpit hair. Basically, what this person said!!!! Thank you for a shining a light on this and speaking your truth!! You can read the rest of Emily's essay here.",health
"Getting to Sandpoint — a small vacation town just an hour south of the Canadian border, in the Idaho panhandle — means taking the “Long Bridge” over Lake Pend Oreille, a sprawling body of water French trappers named for its resemblance to an earring, or at least an ear. The bridge is two miles long and offers a breathtaking panorama of the Selkirk, Bitterroot, and Cabinet mountain ranges, blanketed in national forest, standing sentinel in the background. In good weather, the lake feels endless and bottomless, a reflection of a season that feels like it’ll never end. In bad, the wind whipping off feels like a curse. To be on the Long Bridge when a train comes through on the adjacent rail bridge — which it does, several times every day and night — is to feel transported to a different decade, if not century. It all feels precarious and pristine, secret and special. Most everyone who moves to Sandpoint, population 8,700 — or the surrounding area of Bonner County, population just under 45,000 — has a “Long Bridge story”: what it felt like to drive across it for the first time, and the incredible urge to make some part of that place their own. Which is to say that Bonner County, like the rest of Idaho, is filled with transplants, especially from California, with more coming every day. Some come north over the Long Bridge and are drawn to Sandpoint’s quaint downtown, anchored by an old grain elevator that’s been turned into a climbing gym. There’s a community-run theater, restored to its 1927 glory, and a smattering of brewpubs and coffee shops, offering Indian food and acai bowls. It’s Main Street USA, only with better skiing and more shops selling puffy jackets. Some of these people are retirees, who might have arrived 30 years ago or last month; others are young families in search of a small-town, outdoors-oriented life. And most of them, at least the ones who choose to live in town, are pretty liberal. In 2016, both precincts that make up the town voted for Clinton; t",politics
"The Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit on Friday claiming that skincare and wellness company Neora is actually an illegal pyramid scheme. Neora allegedly made false claims that its supplements could prevent chronic traumatic encephalopathy, a brain disease caused by repeated concussions. It also allegedly claimed that one of its supplements was endorsed for Parkinson’s disease prevention by the Michael J. Fox Foundation, which it was not. Neora, formerly called Nerium, sells ""anti-aging"" face creams and supplements through multilevel marketing, similar to Mary Kay or Amway, in which people sell products to their friends and family members and can earn money for recruiting new vendors. MLMs are legal, but the FTC said that Neora’s business model drifted into a pyramid scheme: People made more money recruiting new sellers than they did by selling the actual product. According to the lawsuit, only about 5% of people who became sellers for the Texas-based Neora ever made any money at all. New vendors were required to buy starter packages ranging from $500 to $1,000 of products, immediately putting them in debt that the vast majority of sellers never climbed out of. A vendor would receive 25% off the retail price of merchandise if they bought a monthly auto-shipment of inventory to sell. This meant that in order to make any profit margin at all, they needed to agree to the auto-shipment. Many people wound up paying for way more products than they could actually sell that month. Making things even harder for the sellers, Neora products are available for sale directly on the Neora.com website as well as Amazon, which means customers don’t need to go through a “brand partner” vendor to get the products. Sellers also recruit new sellers — and, according to the lawsuit, they are incentivized by bigger commissions by recruiting a “downline” of vendors to whom they would sell Neora products. The FTC considers this triangular structure, plus the company's exaggerated claim",tech
"With the Apollo 11 landing’s 50th anniversary at hand, US lawmakers and the Trump administration are newly enthused with moon landings, directing the space agency to hurry up and get us there in the next five years. “It’s hard to believe it has been a half century since the US won the space race,” Sen. Roger Wicker of Mississippi said on Wednesday at a Senate hearing on NASA’s moon plans. He and other lawmakers were asking NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine why the space agency stopped, and can’t easily restart, the moon landings mastered from 1969 to 1972, a time when phones had cords, computers relied on punch cards, and chunky eyeglasses weren’t a fashion statement. From 1969 to 1972, Apollo carried a dozen astronauts on six missions to the surface of the moon, part of a program that cost from $112 billion to $146 billion (in 2019 dollars), and returned some 842 pounds of moon rocks to Earth. “It’s really two questions,” space historian John Logsdon of George Washington University told BuzzFeed News. “Why did Apollo end? And separately, why did we stop going to the moon?” The answers are a bit more complicated than the US running out of money for moon shots in the 1970s. For one, the striking success of the Apollo missions themselves seeded the demise of more moon landings to come. A prime reason for the efforts, beating the Soviet Union, disappeared as soon as Neil Armstrong first stepped on the moon. “It stopped because it was over, first and foremost,” former NASA chief historian Roger Launius, author of Reaching for the Moon: A Short History of the Space Race, told BuzzFeed News. “They could have stopped at Apollo 11 and declared victory.” Instead NASA rolled the dice by hoping that Congress would pay for shiny new things after Apollo, freeing up money for a space shuttle and Skylab, an early orbiting lab, instead of just killing the agency off entirely with the moon landings done. “NASA said we’ll bet on the future,” said Logsdon. And it won the bet, he adde",science
"By the time I turned 25, I had been a member of the bridal party in three weddings — one each year, for three years in a row. The first was when I was 22. My best childhood friend picked out highlighter-yellow bridesmaid dresses for her mostly pale friends, and there’s still a video of me somewhere on YouTube, reading out my maid of honor speech as I glowed in the dimly lit room. One year later, I was an MOH again. This time, I had scored a better bridesmaid dress, but something else was different, too: I was fully out as a gay woman. The bride, who came from a strict Baptist family, told me her parents weren’t exactly thrilled at the idea of me bringing my then-girlfriend to the reception. But she immediately defended me and made sure I felt comfortable bringing anyone I wanted as a date. My girlfriend ended up breaking up with me two weeks before that wedding, and so, at the reception, I shoved half a bag of mini Reese’s cups in my mouth from the “candy bar,” which was predictably void of alcohol. As I sat at the bridal party table, stuffing little gold wrappers under the edges of my plate and willing myself not to text my ex-girlfriend, I also became painfully aware that the structure of the traditional heteronormative wedding was never going to be a safe environment for me. I stared at all the straight couples dancing stiffly to country music and knew that if I confessed to any of them what was going on with me in that moment, they would be polite at best and cruel at worst. I tried to imagine — should I ever get over this comically painful heartbreak and actually find someone to marry — what my wedding would even look like. For years I had scoured the internet for videos of queer, trans, and nonbinary folks’ weddings to try to get an idea of what I would do or how I would want things to look. I made a private Pinterest board called “She Keeps Me Warm,” after the extremely gay Mary Lambert song, where I pinned photos of two femmes on their wedding day and signs ",reader
"I love trying on clothes that society claims won’t look good on someone with my body type. It feels like I’ve been gifted some kind of superpower.  —poppinpaya I write thank you notes and love letters to the parts of my body that I normally don’t like. For example, I love that the stretch marks on my legs represent all the great food I've eaten and the good times I've experienced. —elliew4844385e5 I was assigned female at birth, and it’s taken a while to figure this out, but I’m actually non-binary and trans-masculine. I don’t strongly identify as either male or female, but taking testosterone makes me feel affirmed and good in my body. —maxw46042041e I get tattoos. I never used to show my shoulders, but after I got them inked I can't stop showing them off! Honestly, the fact that I'm covering my body in beautiful art makes me want to show the world! —canunotmywaywardson I go to the gym when I'm feeling crappy about my body. I'm not going there as punishment or to overdo it, but rather to remind myself that I am blessed with a capable, strong body. Lifting, running, and swimming remind me how lucky I am to have a body that can keep up with the sports I love and carry me through life.  —j422da9ff5 Taking the time to do a full face of makeup really helps boost my self-confidence. —tnleuenberger5 When I'm getting ready for the day, I turn on Rihanna's ""Needed Me."" Then, I look in the mirror and tell myself, ""There is only one me and damn, I look good."" After that, I lip-synch the song like I'm some huge pop star. —lovour0409 Honestly, it depends on the day. Sometimes, I need to go for a run and listen to upbeat music, but other times I just need to put on my comfy clothes and watch TV shows with strong, diverse female characters. Ultimately, I try to tell myself that my body is just that — a body — it's the only one I'll ever have, and at the end of the day, it's a bunch of recycled stardust. I can spend my entire life obsessing over it, or I can treat it kindly, enjoy",health
"ATLANTA — Elizabeth Warren gave what her campaign billed as a major address on the leadership of black women on Thursday — a direct appeal for black women to support her presidential campaign, which came after a shaky start when a group of pro-charter school protesters drowned out the beginning of the speech. “The fighters I want to talk about tonight are black women,” Warren began, speaking at Atlanta Clark University, an HBCU, before a group of mostly black women began chanting “our kids, our choice” and “we want to be heard.” Rep. Ayanna Pressley, the first black woman to represent Massachusetts in Congress and a key supporter of Warren’s campaign, had to step in and ask the group to let Warren finish her speech. Pressley took the mic after the group had chanted over Warren for several minutes, as she tried to carry on. “I am going to appeal to you to not dishonor that history,” Pressley said. “We would love to convene afterward about the issue that you are here to stoke our conscience about.” Warren’s speech, when she was able to deliver it after the interruption, was focused on the black washerwomen’s strike of 1881 in Atlanta. Much like her speech at Washington Square Park in September, the speech was promoted and organized with historical references, full of symbolism geared to cast Warren in a presidential light. In a video preceding the speech, which was released in the days leading up to it, author Roxane Gay narrates Warren’s feminist credentials. In one clip, Warren chants, “Si se puede,” the slogan made famous by Chicana labor rights activist Dolores Huerta. “I’ve been called persistent in my time — and I love it. But understand this: The persistence of generations of black women, and black people in America, up to and including many people in this crowd tonight, is the true story of American persistence,” Warren told the audience while standing next to a black and mint green “value the work of black women” sign. A Warren campaign official told BuzzFeed",politics
"Ring, the home surveillance company owned by Amazon, reminded people on Tuesday of the breadth of its surveillance powers when it published a series of Instagram stories announcing its users had recorded millions of trick-or-treaters this past Halloween. In a company blog and series of Instagram stories, posted Monday and Tuesday, the company showed that it collects, stores, and analyzes sensitive data about how, when, and where people use its doorbell cameras. Ring said that nationwide, its doorbell cameras were activated 15.8 million times on Halloween. The company makes several other types of surveillance cameras in addition to its doorbell camera. As it has on other occasions, like Super Bowl Sunday, Ring turned Halloween into a marketing opportunity. As reported by Mashable, Ring circulated videos of children on Halloween on Twitter. Ring also promoted Halloween-themed skins to decorate doorbell cameras on its company blogs and Instagram. However, in promoting itself as a family-friendly company, Ring showed that it collects user data on a granular level. The Instagram stories posted by Ring on Tuesday show that the company aggregates data about the total daily number of doorbell button ""dings"" in the US. Ring also collects hourly tallies of dings in at least four major cities — Miami, Chicago, Houston, and Los Angeles. Additionally, Ring can use this data to determine the “peak times” of doorbell camera activity on the East and West coasts. ""We use this information to provide and improve the service,"" a Ring spokesperson said in an email. ""For example, we use a record of doorbell rings to provide notifications to customers when someone is at their door, and to best optimize our network to ensure a good customer experience at busy times. We anonymized and aggregated our usage data to provide the statistics in our Instagram Story."" It’s been previously reported that Ring keeps track of the number of camera owners and users of its neighborhood watch app, Neighbor",tech
"The heat is on across much of the Midwest and Northeast. “A widespread and dangerous heat wave is building,” the National Weather Service warned Thursday morning, predicting highs well in excess of 100 degrees Fahrenheit. The heat will be particularly oppressive for many city dwellers because of a phenomenon called the urban heat island effect. Asphalt and concrete absorb more of the sun’s energy than natural landscapes, while vegetation has a cooling effect as water drawn from the soil evaporates from leaves on plants. Waste heat from traffic, air conditioning systems, and other machinery further exaggerates the temperature difference between cities and the surrounding rural areas. The combination of factors leaves many cities several degrees warmer than the surrounding farmland, grasslands, or forests. You can use the maps below to see how strong the summer urban heat island effect is in the city you live in, as well as in others across the globe. This map shows the average daytime difference in maximum daily temperature at ground level between each urban area and a surrounding 10-kilometer-wide buffer, as measured from NASA satellite data over a 40-day period in July and August 2013. Big cities are mostly noticeably warmer than their surroundings. In New York City, for example, the urban heat island effect adds almost 8 degrees Fahrenheit (almost 4.5 degrees Celsius) to typical daytime maximum summer temperatures. But if you think the Big Apple gets unbearable, check out Tokyo, where daytime summer temperatures typically reach more than 10 degrees Fahrenheit (more than 5.5 degrees Celsius) higher than the surrounding countryside. See if you can find the rare cities that are cooler than the surrounding areas. You’ll find some in the western US and in the Middle East — Cairo and the rest of the Nile Valley in Egypt, for example. Proximity to water helps keep some cities cool, particularly if it allows the planting of trees in an otherwise arid, desert landscape. Ci",science
"What’s the most embarrassing public statement you’ve ever made that you’ve had to walk back? As a Sagittarius and a former conservative evangelical Christian — and quite a zealous one — I have plenty. I won’t regale you with all of them, but certainly one of my top 10 is when I logged on to Facebook dot com in the year of our Lord, 2009. Michael Jackson had just died, and my Facebook feed was disturbingly lacking in sympathetic words of sorrow. One girl whom I went to high school with posted a status about how she didn’t understand why people were so upset about his death — he was ""a gross pedophile."" I was in a vulnerable place. The high school I went to was full of white people who liked to listen to Dave Matthews Band and ask me whether I tanned. I had spent hours in a fugue state watching videos of Jackson when he was a lanky teenager, wiggling his sequined hips in the “Rock With You” music video, his skin still the color of a coconut husk. He still had that wide, broad, and beautiful nose that looked like my nose (and that I too had once hated). I don’t remember exactly what I wrote under that girl’s status. It was something mean and cutting, and I definitely went on about how he had been acquitted. She responded by saying that swooping in to comment on the post of a random classmate I wasn’t even friends with in real life to defend Jackson was proof of how ridiculous I was being. Touché. I promptly unfriended her and reminded myself to never get into Facebook arguments; they were a black hole. I thought of that time, and that current of righteous anger, as I watched Dave Chappelle’s latest Netflix stand-up special, Sticks & Stones, which came out this week and has been predictably pilloried for its dismissal of sexual assault victims and anti-trans jokes. Chappelle proudly confesses as much early on in the special: “I’m what’s known on the streets as a victim-blamer.” He defends Jackson, conceding that even if the two men who came forward in HBO’s documentary ",reader
"To say the least. Honestly, we should all name both our literal and figurative wounds. ""No point in crying every day and being sad. Still got stuff to be done.” That's not to say that it's wrong to take some time to grieve, feel all the bad feelings, and generally take the time to not force a smile on your face. But Norton's resilience is nonetheless something to aspire to! I regret every time I've ever complained about anything in my life. Wow, I am officially a Ken Norton stan now? Last month, Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Kendrick Norton was involved in a car crash that required him to have his left arm amputated. Crazy, right? Life-changing, shocking, and probably financially challenging, right? Well, in a video posted to his joint YouTube channel with his girlfriend, Kira Andrea, Norton gave us a lesson in self-compassion and perspective as he showed his viewers how he takes care of ""Lil' Ken"" — what he's named his amputated arm — every morning. ""I know everybody wants to know,"" his girlfriend Kira begins the video, ""How does it feel to wake up one morning and you’re armless? How do you cope with it?” “I’m just trying to not be down about it, because that’s not going to fix anything,"" says Norton. Then, when Kira asks him how he has so much strength at such a young age, he replies, ""I don’t know, it’s not that hard for me to stay strong. I can pretty much motivate myself to get up, get around."" His biggest challenge? The extra time it takes him to do things. His biggest piece of advice for fellow amputees is, ""Don’t let what other people say determine how you feel about yourself."" You can watch Ken and Kira's full ""Lil Ken"" video here.",health
"Google and Twitter are applying pressure to Facebook in a big way. In the last three weeks — as the Iowa caucus looms just months away — both platforms have restricted political advertising on their services. Now, after standing by its policies, Facebook’s advertising brain trust is huddling to consider changes to its rules on political advertising, including ad targeting restrictions of its own. In a statement to BuzzFeed News provided before Google made its announcement, a Facebook spokesperson was definitive: “Nothing is off the table.” Political advertising professionals and tech industry sources said Google’s move — which limits political ad targeting criteria to age, gender, zip code, and context — puts the onus on Facebook to act. Many worried it would push Facebook to roll out draconian restrictions, hampering their ability to get their message across on what they said was the most important online advertising platform. “Twitter fired the starting gun. Google put the weight of the ocean on them,” Eric Wilson, a Republican digital strategist, told BuzzFeed News. “The pressure is really on Facebook to do something, to make a change. I hope they make a good, informed choice.” Facebook did not respond to a request for comment. Jenna Golden, a former Twitter employee and now the president of Golden Strategies, a political advertising consultancy that works with news publishers, expressed a similar sentiment. “No doubt it puts pressure on Facebook,” she told BuzzFeed News, “but Facebook has generally taken a more hands-off approach than other platforms throughout this process.” Should Facebook follow Google’s lead, Golden said, the impact would be substantial — and “catastrophic for candidates and causes.” She added: “Facebook is ground zero for cultivating a following, courting donors, and moving political programs forward. The industry spends the majority of their digital budgets on Facebook, and limiting targeting or cutting off these capabilities could cripple",politics
"The line outside Shizen, San Francisco’s hottest Michelin-starred hipster vegan sushi restaurant, is extremely long, but the wait is surprisingly short. After the doors open and the first wave of diners are seated, the line mostly disappears, despite it being one of the more popular spots in the city. Just a few people linger on the sidewalk. Why aren’t more people waiting to get in? The line, or lack of it, is a weirdly effective real-world product demo for Yelp, the 15-year-old review site and local business directory. Shizen has put its reservation system and waitlist on Yelp. Which means that when impatient diners want to wait for a table, they can do so at a bar around the corner, or even at home, and then arrive just in time to be seated. In other words, you don’t have to stand in line to be in line. And so, before you know it, Jeremy Stoppelman, Yelp’s vegan CEO, is tucking into a roll made from beets, kale, and, uh, seaweed pearls. (Trust us on this one: 5 stars.) Yelp bought a waitlisting company in 2017, and it rolled out new predictive wait times and notification features this year. It’s one of a slew of changes the company made in 2019, including introducing some new ways for it to make money. This follows years of moving beyond mere reviews. You can look up a restaurant's rating, sure, but you can also use it to get a quote from a chimney sweep or order delivery through one of its partners. And while rolling out new features and revenue streams, or even pivoting into completely different business models, are relatively normal things for tech companies to do, for Stoppelman and Yelp, it feels a bit existential. “In Yelp’s case, it's been the thing that I probably have been most focused on for the last decade,” said Stoppelman, “finding a way to survive knowing that one of the most powerful companies in the world didn't want us to succeed.” That powerful company is Google and its corporate parent, Alphabet. For most of Yelp’s history, it has been engaged ",tech
"Southern Louisiana seems to have dodged a bullet with Tropical Storm Barry. Although heavy rain caused widespread flooding after the storm hit the state Saturday, the region’s two biggest cities, New Orleans and Baton Rouge, were spared the worst. But nationwide, the threat to lives and property from rain-triggered storm flooding is escalating, with global warming spawning larger, apparently slower-moving storms, and asphalt and concrete covering permeable open ground that would have soaked up rain as cities expand. Flooding has always posed the main danger when tropical storms come ashore, and historically, the main killer has been storm surge — a sudden rise in sea level caused by low atmospheric pressure and winds blowing onshore. But in the past three years, 75% of the more than 160 deaths from hurricanes making landfall along the US Gulf Coast and Eastern Seaboard have been due to flooding from heavy rain rather than surging seas, according to statistics from the National Hurricane Center. Several factors are to blame. Because hurricanes gain strength over warm ocean water, and because a warmer atmosphere can hold more moisture, which ultimately gets dumped as rain, global warming is thought to be driving bigger, wetter storms. Before Hurricane Florence made landfall in the Carolinas in September 2018, for instance, researchers estimated that parts of that storm would drop over 50% more rain than it would have in the absence of human-caused climate change. There’s also some evidence that global warming is weakening the circulation of the atmosphere of the tropics in summer, causing storms to move more slowly — although the idea is still controversial. And when a slow-moving storm stalls over a city that is largely paved with asphalt and concrete, with few open spaces to soak up the rain, disastrous flooding can result, experts say. These animated maps, based on satellite image–derived estimates of areas covered by impermeable urban surfaces from the National La",science
"One of the first things I was taught about being Japanese was that we all become ghosts. When my grandmother died, my mother told me we had to chant at temple every seven days after her death for seven weeks. We do this, she explained, so that my grandmother’s spirit won’t get caught in transition during the 49-day journey to enlightenment. I was 12 years old. I didn’t want to know what would happen if we didn’t chant hard enough. Once, my grandmother was a 15-year-old girl born in the United States, forced from her home in Oakland into a detention camp in Utah, simply because she was of Japanese descent. I imagine her lying on a cot in the unbearable desert heat where her country has incarcerated her, wondering where her life had slipped away to. A specter of a girl chasing after a specter of a life. What I didn’t understand when I was young was that she’d already been a ghost. I thought about my grandmother and her ghost while I watched the first episode of the second season of The Terror, which premiered Aug. 12. Subtitled Infamy, it’s the second installment of AMC’s anthology series, which retells historical events through a supernatural lens. The excellent first season, which had a small but mighty following, told the story of the doomed 1845 Franklin expedition to the Arctic. By using metaphysical elements like magic, myth, and monsters, the show imagines that what killed the men on those ships was more than starvation, more than loneliness or even hubris. This season of The Terror, helmed by Max Borenstein and Alexander Woo, bears no resemblance to the content of the first, except that it also concerns a group of doomed people and uses speculative fiction tropes to tell a story of a real-life psychological horror. Here we follow the Nakayama family, part of a Japanese American community in Southern California who are all shipped off to a fictional internment camp in Oregon. Along for the ride is a mysterious and violent spirit tormenting them, alluded to as a",reader
"""I went to a Christian academy and they said if you were intimate before marriage, God would strike you down with a disease."" —quaintrelle ""The weekly visiting 'abstinence lady' told us that the oxytocin women produce is finite...so too much sex in or out of marriage would mean we couldn't love our babies. She also said condoms didn't protect against HIV, so don't bother (just after the AIDS crisis of the '80s–'90s!!!), and made us sign a virginity pledge. It's a wonder I made it out alive."" —katethecursed ""You only need to go to a gynecologist if you get pregnant. This mindset almost killed my mom with breast cancer, and made me feel slut-shamed for having endometriosis. Believe it or not, there are actual issues you may need to go to the gynecologist for besides pregnancy."" —thekatherine ""My sex ed teacher (a woman) told us that if we were to fool around in a hot tub, we could get pregnant. This was only fooling around, no insertion necessary."" —lunallee212 ""We were told that having sex with someone meant we were actually having sex with them, all of their previous partners, and their partners' partners. Like, if your partner had slept with two people, and those two people slept with two more people each, then you were actually having sex with seven people, because sex never truly leaves you."" —c4242ff8c1 ""I was taught that the moment you were married, you could no longer get an STD or have an unwanted pregnancy. I guess the logic was that God had blessed the relationship so nothing bad could happen anymore? I don’t think chlamydia really cares if you’re married or not but whatever."" —evelynn4ba8b9653 ""It's not an incorrect fact, but I was only told about heterosexual sex, which is quite unfair, in my opinion."" —rebeldreamer ""We were shown a slide show of 'deformities' that 'illegitimate babies' could be born with as a deterrent to premarital sex. We were also told gay sex was illegal, and PMS was 'largely psychosomatic' and just an excuse for women to get out of ",health
"Donald Trump Jr.’s new book, Triggered, hit the top of the New York Times’ bestsellers list this month with the help of nearly $100,000 in purchases from the Republican National Committee. Federal Election Commission records list a $94,800 payment — identified as “donor mementos” — to BooksAMillion.com on Oct. 29. That same day, the president’s son signed an RNC fundraising email promising signed copies of the book to those who contribute at least $50 to the party. “This limited-time opportunity ends SOON,” Trump Jr. wrote, “so be sure to claim your signed copy of my new book NOW.” The FEC filing was first noticed by a New York Times reporter. RNC spokesperson Michael Joyce confirmed the expense in an email to BuzzFeed News. “We have netted $500,000 for the party fundraising off the book,” Joyce added. An RNC official told BuzzFeed News earlier this month that there hadn’t been “a large bulk purchase,” but that the party was “ordering copies to keep up with demand.” “Using books as a means to fundraise is standard practice from political parties on both sides of the aisle,” the official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, added at the time. “Triggered has been very popular among our supporters, helping us raise funds to support the reelection effort.” The purchases appear to have been a win-win for the president’s son and the party committee; they have helped raise hundreds of thousands of dollars for the RNC and make Triggered a bestseller. When Triggered appeared on the Times' bestsellers list, it was accompanied by a dagger symbol, indicating bulk purchases instead of organic sales. A Trump campaign official told BuzzFeed News in early November that the campaign had “no plans” for book purchases. If the RNC ""just wanted books to resell, they could have gotten them for less money, direct from the publisher,"" a New York literary agent told BuzzFeed News. ""They spent more, of donors' money, to buy them from BooksAMillion, clearly in an effort to look like 'real",politics
"It is with a heavy heart that I must report that Facebook has, yet again, made a perfect hardware device that brings immense joy. I say this with sadness not because, as Facebook seems to believe, that as a member of the tech press I strive to only report bad news about Facebook. No, in fact I do nothing productive for society other than charge my phone, eat hot chip, and lie. What I’m mad about is that Portal TV is a great and wonderful device for chatting to friends and family, but no one I know will ever, ever buy one. And without someone else to use it with, it’s useless. Released today, Portal TV is a $149 device the size of a cable remote that hooks up to your TV and allows you to videochat through your TV. The features are roughly the same as the original Portal, but the big difference from the previous models is that instead of a giant device that sits on your countertop and just does Facebook videochatting, this is a smaller, cheaper device that sits on your TV, and hey, you already have a TV. I know what you’re thinking: Why? But hear me out: Why not? Videochatting is fun, but videochatting on a screen bigger than your tiny phone or laptop is even better. Portal TV’s smart camera is extremely good and has a wide angle that can capture the entire living room so that two people can be on the chat without having to smash their heads together into frame. Even better than the countertop Portal, it allows you to sit on your couch in the living room and look at the TV screen to chat — such a far superior experience that it’s ridiculous to think that we’ve ever accepted the hideous unflattering angles of FaceTime. We should be doing video calls on our huge flatscreen TVs all the time, and anything else is simply undignified. The problem, of course, is that you won’t get any of your friends to buy one and chat with you. When Portal, a desktop videochatting device came out last year, the first question anyone asked was “why on Earth would anyone let a Facebook video",tech
,science
"On the second episode of the new season of the HBO show Succession, Kendall Roy (Jeremy Strong) laid waste to an online publication that sort of resembled the one you're currently reading. Vaulter, may it rest in peace, also had a bit of Gawker, a touch of Vulture, a little Vice. Of all the fictional digital publications the peak TV era has given us — your JazzHates and your Sluglines — it was the one that most looked and felt like a real internet outlet, with its open-plan office full of laptop-wielding youngish writers, site traffic boards, glass-enclosed conference rooms, and selected headlines framed and mounted on the wall (""Wait, Is Every Taylor Swift Lyric Secretly Marxist?""). Vaulter died just like a real internet outlet, too: acquired by a large conglomerate that promised support, only to strip the place for parts after a few months of bad traffic and talk of unionization. For anyone who works in this world, the cry from founder Lawrence Yee (Rob Yang) that ""Facebook changed their algorithm"" is as chillingly familiar as Kendall's plan to fire almost everyone and start relying on user-generated content. It should have been depressing, watching a scene from many an actual digital bloodbath staged in excruciating semisatirical detail. Instead it just felt disorienting, like getting a chance to admire your own intricately staged murder from a distance. Media outlets often exist only according to the whims of a wealthy few — ones whose judgments from on high can have enormous consequences for everyone on the ground. But how often do we get a billionaire's-eye view on those decisions? Much less one that depicts those decisions as capricious as they often feel from the outside? Kendall — who's the reason Waystar Royco, his family's corporation, acquired Vaulter in the first place — argues to save it while his brother Roman (Kieran Culkin) suggests they kill it because he wants to hurt Kendall. Their father, the notorious Logan (Brian Cox), is still punishing Kenda",reader
"Moms love a good deal. A good scam if you will. Maybe you're a mom who has multiple email accounts to get ""free trials"" or ""free shipping."" Or maybe you're a kid who has a mom that goes to extreme lengths with her money-saving scams. Perhaps your friend's mom has a scam that she thinks is just brilliant. (Like scamming to get everything free on her birthday.) A mom could even have some sort of scam where she lies to the manager to get what she wants. So, tell us all about the mom scams you know of – the good, the bad, and the ugly – and you could be featured in an upcoming BuzzFeed Community post!",health
"This is an excerpt from The Stakes 2020, BuzzFeed News' newsletter about what really matters in the 2020 campaign. You can sign up here. Michael Bennet is a thoughtful, policy-minded senator of the old school whose presidential candidacy as a low-drama, get-things-done moderate hasn't caught fire. He's now betting it all on New Hampshire — and texted me from there Saturday. For a full transcript of this interview, click here.  [The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.] ",politics
"For the last year, Republican President Donald Trump, former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, and Attorney General Bill Barr have led a bumbling investigation into the right-wing conspiracy theory that Democrats conspired with Ukrainian nationals to frame the president’s campaign for collusion to delegitimize his 2016 election. Thanks to testimonies leaking out from the impeachment inquiry, we’ve learned that Trump and Barr have investigated at least three pieces of the Spygate conspiracy. We’ve also learned that Giuliani, working as a lawyer for the president, spent the spring with Ukrainian nationals, hoping to find evidence that Democratic operatives faked the hack of the Democratic National Committee’s servers to frame Russia for trying to swing the 2016 election in Trump’s favor and then hired the American cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike to cover it up. Members of Trump’s inner circle have been pushing this theory since the summer of 2016, according to new documents obtained by BuzzFeed News from former special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation. There is no proof, of course, that any of this happened. But there is an alternate dimension that exists across anonymous message boards, Facebook groups, rabid Twitter gangs, radicalized YouTube channels, and One America News Network segments where this conspiracy is accepted fact. This other reality quickly scrambles after every new development that could hurt the credibility of the Trump presidency and creates a parallel issue for its inhabitants to fixate on. And following a whistleblower complaint in September containing a partial memorandum of a call between Trump and Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky, this Trump World has its own whistleblower too. His name is Andriy Telizhenko. And due to a 2017 investigation into possible Ukrainian attempts to influence the 2016 US presidential election by Politico, which continues to go viral inside conservative Facebook groups, he has been able to crawl out from the ",tech
"The Environmental Protection Agency selected top science advisers by a secret process that ignored federal guidelines, tapping many members from industry rather than academia without documenting its justification, a government watchdog found. EPA staff typically prepare detailed, written recommendations about the best candidates to serve on the agency’s 22 science advisory committees, according to the federal government’s guidance on staffing science boards. Officials ignored this long-standing process in their overhaul of two high-profile committees that provide critical independent reviews of EPA’s science and regulations, according to a new report released by the US Government Accountability Office on Monday. The GAO named the Science Advisory Board (SAB) and the Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee (CASAC) in the report, criticizing how their latest members were selected in an unusually opaque way. “The old process ensured that highly qualified people had the expertise in appropriate fields needed for upcoming reviews,” Christopher Zarba, the former director of EPA’s Science Advisory Board staff office who stepped down in 2018, told BuzzFeed News. Under President Donald Trump, he said, this “was replaced by a secretive process.” In a statement, the EPA refuted the GAO’s finding that the agency had ignored internal policy in filling positions on its science boards. The EPA said its new selection process offered a “more rigorous examination” of the applicants, involving agency management getting briefed by staff and then making their final decisions using the full list of applicants, per the GAO report. However, the agency provided no documentation to back up these claims, and still used the old process for staffing its 20 other advisory committees. As a result, there’s no paper trail documenting why the agency selected some of its most controversial advisers. Zarba rejected the EPA’s description of the new process. “This is bullshit. There was no other process",science
"The extravagantly titled new series On Becoming a God in Central Florida, which premieres on Showtime this Sunday, is set in 1992. But its star, Kirsten Dunst, plays the most trendy millennial role right now: a scammer. She’s Krystal Stubbs, a young mother working a minimum wage job in a dingy water park near Orlando, surrounded by the hucksters and victims of the local cultlike multilevel marketing (MLM) pyramid scheme, FAM (which stands for Founders American Merchandising and is a parody of the real-life company Amway). The story kicks off when Krystal enters the world of FAM, in her own persnickety, unique way, to exact revenge on the hawks who pushed her family into untenable poverty. It’s a comedy, ostensibly, but really more of a story about the elusiveness of the American dream, as played out in the surreal, hothouse environment of Florida. Or, as Jia Tolentino writes in her recent book Trick Mirror, summing up the ethos of this story and the seductiveness of MLM, “one of the best bids a person can make for financial stability in America is to get really good at exploiting other people.” Dunst is — above and beyond — the reason to watch On Becoming a God, which, to its credit, is a consistently surprising show, and to its detriment is not directed by the Coen brothers or David Lynch. The worries that plague Krystal’s everyday life feel more relevant than ever. How do you live a life of ease in a society where the cards are stacked against you? What are the lies and confidence tricks that someone can use to get to the top? If the show keeps going, it could be an iconic role for Dunst, dressed in airbrushed Florida kitsch and sporting a twangy accent. But mostly, watching it made me realize how much I missed seeing the name “Kirsten Dunst” on the screen — and how underrated Dunst remains as an actor and artist. It feels like a weird thing to say about an actor who’s been working steadily since she was 3 years old, who has headlined superhero blockbusters and us",reader
,health
"Former vice president Joe Biden said he would support the #MeToo movement as president by “punching at” domestic violence during Wednesday night’s Democratic debate in Atlanta. Biden was asked by moderator Kristen Welker if there were specific measures he would take as president to address sexual violence and sexual harassment. “No man has a right to raise a hand to a woman in anger other than in self-defense, and that rarely ever occurs,” Biden said. “And so we have to just change the culture, period, and keep punching at it, and punching at it, and punching at it.” The comment got some incidental laughs in the audience, prompting Biden to say, “No, I really mean it.” He first pointed to his record of having authored the original Violence Against Women Act, and then said, “The fact is that what happens now, is that we have to fundamentally change the culture, the culture of how women are treated.” He went on to talk about the “It’s On Us” college campus sexual assault reform initiative aimed at young men, which he launched as vice president. In focusing on domestic violence, he did not directly address broader sexual assault or harassment, the key issues of the #MeToo movement, in his response. At the outset of his candidacy, Biden faced several accusations from women of inappropriate but not sexual physical contact, starting with Nevada Democrat Lucy Flores who wrote that he inappropriately touched and kissed the back of her head before a campaign event in 2014 when she was running for lieutenant governor. A Connecticut woman later made similar allegations about Biden’s behavior at a 2009 fundraiser, and multiple women detailed similar allegations to the New York Times. In April, during his first public event after those allegations, he appeared to make light of the issue, cracking jokes about consent. Asked by reporters after the event if he felt he owed a direct apology to any of the women who have said he made them uncomfortable, he said, ""I made it clear that ",politics
"Facebook’s new brand isn’t setting font nerds ablaze, but that’s not what it was intended to do. According to a source with knowledge of the company’s thinking, the purpose of the redesign — which saw Facebook slap a new logo on all its products — was to ward off further complications with the Federal Trade Commission, after the tech giant agreed to a settlement earlier this year. The new branding, contrary to some reports, also has little to do with Facebook trying to make itself harder for the US government to break up. Instead, by more prominently disclosing its ownership of apps like Instagram and WhatsApp, the source said, Facebook intends to leave little question as to who owns its products, rather than risk letting the FTC find its labeling deceptive. “Many people don't know we build these products or that our teams often work together,” Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said in a post on Monday. “But we believe people should, because it's important for people to know who's behind the products they use.” The new brand spells Facebook in all caps. It doesn’t have a set color, adapting depending on the app it’s displayed in. It will replace similar but less prominent “from Facebook” messaging in all of Facebook’s apps, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The FTC imposed a $5 billion fine on Facebook in July, alleging it had “repeatedly used deceptive disclosures.” Following the fine, Zuckerberg said, “we're going to make some major structural changes to how we build products and run this company.” And now, one of those changes is here. A Facebook spokesperson shared the following statement: “Branding changes are normal course of business and marketing strategy. For us, this brand change is a way to communicate a simpler and clearer company narrative to people and businesses that use our services.” ",tech
"Hurricane Barry is predicted as of Saturday morning to dump between 10 and 20 inches of rain over southern Louisiana and Mississippi, raising concerns about widespread flooding because of the flat landscape and already swollen rivers. The cyclone follows a string of devastatingly wet storms, a dangerous trend fueled by global warming. “The thing to remember about South Louisiana is it’s flat,” Robert Twilley, executive director of the Louisiana Sea Grant College Program, told BuzzFeed News. When water “can’t run off, it sits there and piles up.” “I think the key is the intensity of the rainfall. Will it overwhelm us?” Twilley said. “These drainage systems just can't handle those intense rainfall events.” Just this week in New Orleans, an extreme storm unleashed about 8 inches of rain in a few hours, causing flash floods that shut down the city. Since then, New Orleans has been on high alert about calamitous flooding, including possible levee topping due to Barry, but those local concerns have largely abated as the storm has developed. Barry’s rain threat is no surprise to climate researchers, who have found that the warming of the planet contributed to the costliest hurricanes in US history — including Katrina, Harvey, Maria, and Irma — all of which grew to much wetter storms than if they had formed under cooler conditions. In 2017, Hurricane Harvey dropped more than 40 inches of rain in eastern Texas over four days; it was a $125 billion disaster, the second-costliest hurricane in US history. This storm’s historic rainfall levels were made as much as 38% more likely because of man-made warming, according to a 2017 study in the journal Geophysical Research Letters. “When the air is warmer, it can hold more water vapor. So that when a storm moves through an area that has warmer, wetter air, there’s more of a source for the precipitation,” study author Mark Risser of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory told BuzzFeed News. There’s been 1 degree Celsius of warming in ",science
"The consensus among my friends, as well as a lot of the women I follow on the internet, is that clothes suck lately. This summer, if you were to pop into any of the fast fashion outlets where trends both live and die, you’d find a strange mix of styles, indeed: ’90s-era crop tops and babydoll dresses, wacky prints, poofy sleeves, ruching and draping, and big, boxy shapes that don’t appear to align with the build of any actual human body. One could sum up fashion right now as “sexy baby” or “cursed prairie” or, as my friend and editor Rachel put it, a bizarre blend of both “modest and horny.” I hear everybody’s qualms about this moment in style — and I respect them! — but I have to go against the grain here and speak my truth: I am loving it. I’ve been a fan of fashion’s weird journey for years now. I love a good sack dress, even though I am one of the millions of people who hover somewhere between straight and plus sizes and they are not technically “flattering” on my body type. If I were to follow fashion magazine convention, I should always wear something that draws attention to my waist, where I'm smallest, and draws attention away from where I’m biggest: ass, hips, thighs. I shouldn’t wear horizontal stripes or, really, any sort of loud pattern at all but, rather, dark, neutral tones for their slimming effects. Anything architectural, bulky, or frilled is certainly a no-no — those additions will just make me take up more space, not less. But where’s the fun in that? I appreciate the value of simple, timeless clothing and can understand that if you’re a less risk-taking dresser, shopping must be pretty stressful these days. Maybe I’m just a hopeless trend monster, but I don’t know, man — I’m having the time of my life. I love these loud patterns! I love the bold color, the fascinating shapes, the funky additions to an otherwise unremarkable top or skirt that give it some flair. I love that fashion right now isn’t about what’s technically the most “flattering,” be",reader
"""My son, Fox, has always done the weirdest things, such as this — modeling a Walmart bag in his undies with one slipper on and one sneaker on. Believe me when I say that this is only the tip of the iceberg with him, lol."" —brandiwilliamsonc ""This is my 2-year-old named Landon. He got ahold of my bikini trimmer and shaved right down the middle of his head. We called it his 'Landon strip.'""  —brittanywnek —meganh45a337777 ""I became a stay-at-home mom January 2019. I used to be pretty lucky when I worked because I could shower by myself while the kids were sleeping. But this has changed — now my children are pulling up a pillow to sit and watch me shower. Goodbye privacy!""  —darlenerene ""Parenthood is when your kid surprises you with their anatomically correct drawings, compete with giant nipples.""  —twopumpkinpastiesplease ""Living with kids means you also get to learn home remodeling."" —billt4a84e2d1c ""Becoming one with nature.""  —amberbrookeo ""Candid moment while singing HAPPY BIRTHDAY."" —amberbrookeo ""Baby: Mommy can I stay up late? Me: Sure. *5 min later (Spongebob voice)*"" —ericaymack —kristens20 ""This is the time my daughter tested four of my expensive, long-lasting lipsticks on her face. I went through half a bottle of micellar water to remove it."" —francesjoys ""This is what she does after I tell her, 'Please do not pick your nose.'""  —m4f30dd84f ""I just recently went from one to two. My son was kinda needy at first (which I expected), but now he absolutely loves his baby sister. I went to the bathroom one day and came back to my son telling his sister jokes and him laughing at his own jokes. The look on her face says it all."" —mollystroup ""He was mad I was snuggling with his dad. Found him in the bathtub."" —amberbrookeo ""This is me getting kicked literally in the face (repeatedly) by my 3-month-old at 7 a.m. My road to having my baby was a long and hard one. I am blessed to be a stay-at-home mom. I wouldn't trade these kicks for anything in the world! I spent t",health
"The fifth Democratic debate came and went Wednesday without a single question about the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender Americans — a topic that no debate moderator has brought up at any debate this year, with the exception of a June question directed only at Rep. Tulsi Gabbard. The 10 Democrats answered an unusually broad range of questions that varied from abortion rights to white supremacist violence to chants of “Lock him up” at Democratic rallies. None of the questions touched on LGBTQ rights — despite the presence on stage of the country’s first viable openly gay candidate for president, Pete Buttigieg, as well as an openly lesbian moderator, Rachel Maddow. Wednesday also marked the Transgender Day of Remembrance, a day to mark the memories of transgender people who were killed in anti-trans violence. Former housing secretary Julián Castro, who is running for president but did not qualify for the night’s debate, tweeted to note that the day had not been mentioned onstage. LGBTQ activists have grown increasingly frustrated with the lack of questions about queer rights on the Democratic debate stage. A case is looming before the Supreme Court that could determine whether LGBTQ Americans are protected from employment discrimination, and there is a spate of ongoing violence against black transgender women. In the first debate, Gabbard, who has a checkered history over gay rights from her earliest days in politics, was asked about her own record. The topic has otherwise been relegated to two forums focused on LGBTQ rights, including a CNN town hall in October, where nine candidates appeared. Buttigieg gave a moving answer in those forums about his experience being prevented from donating blood at an annual blood drive hosted by his own office, calling for the overhaul of rules prohibiting gay men from blood donation. Buttigieg, in responding to a question about appealing to diverse voters, did bring up his sexuality Wednesday night. “I do have the",politics
"Last week, Facebook announced it had removed networks of pages, accounts, and groups linked to Russia that were targeting countries in Central Africa. The company said the operation had engaged in “coordinated inauthentic activity,” and attributed it to Yevgeny Prigozhin, the Vladimir Putin ally indicted by the United States for his alleged role in funding the troll farm behind interference in the 2016 election. But while the company publicly labeled 35 Facebook accounts, 53 pages, seven groups, and five Instagram accounts as part of an information operation funded by a prominent Russian, it apparently told a different story to at least one person whose page it removed. BuzzFeed News spoke to one person in Sudan who helps run the Khartoum Star, a website that also operated the second-largest Sudanese page removed by Facebook. The man, who asked his name not be used due to privacy and safety concerns, said the company initially told him the issue with the Star’s page was related to privacy, and that it “could be fixed” within a week of its removal. Facebook did not cite inauthentic activity, he said — although he did not provide evidence of communication with the company. “We were surprised yesterday with the closure of the page. We tried to find out what happened from Facebook,” he said in Arabic in a WhatsApp message sent Thursday. “Their answer was: a privacy violation. We were not convinced by this answer.” His experience suggests the public information released by Facebook about its takedowns is different from what it tells those being targeted and named. A Facebook spokesperson told BuzzFeed News it could not share information beyond its announcement last week. Joan Donovan, the director of the Technology and Social Change Research Project at Harvard’s Shorenstein Center, said Facebook’s lack of disclosure could be dangerous to administrators running pages that are taken down. When the Internet Research Agency targeted the 2016 election, it tried to encourage U",tech
"After Jeffrey Epstein was indicted for sex crimes in 2006, his Harvard lawyer, Alan Dershowitz, called on the expertise of one of his Harvard colleagues, famous linguist Steven Pinker. An obscure document from Epstein’s legal defense shows that Pinker weighed in on the precise meaning of a federal law about using the internet to entice minors into prostitution or other illegal sex acts. Pinker told BuzzFeed News that when he offered his opinion to Dershowitz, he was unaware of the details of the client or the case. He now regrets his involvement, he said. “Though I did this as a favor to a friend and colleague, and not as either a paid expert witness or as a part of a defense team, knowing what I know now I do regret writing the letter,” Pinker said by email. Epstein, who had donated millions of dollars to Harvard, seemed to relish his connections to the university. He once served on Harvard’s Mind, Brain, and Behavior Advisory Committee, and press releases issued by his charitable foundation billed him as a “Harvard philanthropist” and a “Harvard investor.” When Epstein was indicted in 2006, Dershowitz, a personal friend, joined his defense team. As Dershowitz researched the charges, he asked Pinker for advice on the wording of a federal law sometimes known as the “internet luring statute.” The law says that anyone “using the mail or any facility or means of interstate or foreign commerce” to entice a minor into prostitution is subject to a fine and at least 10 years in prison. In a July 2007 letter to US attorneys prosecuting the case, Dershowitz and another of Epstein’s lawyers, Gerald Lefcourt, argued that law didn’t apply to Epstein because prosecutors had not specifically shown that Epstein had used online communication to entice the unidentified victims of his alleged crimes. “To confirm our view of the ‘plain meaning’ of the words, we asked Steven Pinker … a noted linguist, to analyze the statute to determine the natural and linguistically logical reading or",science
"Late one night a few years ago, my 14-year-old daughter, Kayla, texted me. 911 Kayla: i need to talk to u She’d prefixed her contact name in my cellphone to read “911,” a way of asserting her significance in my life. Seeing it always made me smile. It was after midnight, but I dutifully responded. Me: Can we talk tomorrow? You have school in the morning. 911 Kayla: stop using punctuation in texts its weird Me: It’s not weird. 911 Kayla: ur such a mom Text bubbles danced for long moments on my screen before her next message popped up: 911 Kayla: i don’t know how to tell u this but im gay I blinked. My finger hovered uncertainly over my iPhone screen as I read and reread her text. My husband and I had adopted Kayla and her brother, Devon, out of foster care over a decade earlier. When she first came to live with us, she was 2, with dimples, gobs of curly hair, and an offbeat sense of humor. Her freckle-faced brother, Devon, was 3. Kayla didn’t yet have a conscious awareness of her sexual identity, and it didn’t occur to me she might be gay. I was far more concerned about her low self-esteem and difficulties with attachment as she adjusted into our family. I was raised in the heady, evangelical Christian movement of the ’80s and ’90s. For many years, I unquestioningly accepted the belief that homosexuality was wrong and a behavioral choice, but during my thirties, I became disenchanted with the religion of my youth. I reconsidered the tenets of my faith and the shortfalls of organized religion and its anti-abortion, anti-gay, pro-gun political agenda. During that time, my conservative ideology shifted, including my stance on LGBTQ issues. I worked from home and often chatted over IM with my coworker Brian about our kids. He had an adopted teenage son, a few years older than my kids, and was the most devoted and involved dad I knew. I imagined his family — his wife and son — to be happy and close just like my own family. But Brian didn’t have a wife. I eventually discov",reader
,health
"Mike Bloomberg, who has been moving toward a presidential run but not yet announced his formal plans, has ""made a decision to serve his country,"" former treasury secretary Hank Paulson said at the Bloomberg New Economy Forum in Beijing on Thursday. ""My good friend Mike Bloomberg asked my good friend Henry Kissinger and me to represent him here today because ... he's made a decision to serve his country,"" said Paulson, who served at the end of George W. Bush's presidency. The forum, which Bloomberg was originally slated to attend but backed out of at the last minute, is an exclusive gathering at a resort north of Beijing. Paulson was preceded by Chinese Vice President Wang Qishan. The forum represents the limping globalist wing of the global political conversation — the presence of both Paulson, a former Goldman Sachs CEO, and Kissinger, a former secretary of state, spoke to that. Wang, echoing the themes of the conference, warned against the threats of protectionism, unilateralism, and populism. On a panel on ""staving off class warfare,"" Bloomberg's adviser and wealth manager Steven Rattner argued that the government's top priority should be ""addressing the state of the average worker."" If they don't, ""we are going to have populism, it's going to take down capitalism, and it's all going to be worse off,"" he said. Bloomberg had said earlier this year that he would not run for president but has recently begun shifting that position. He's filed for the primary ballot in several states and is readying a giant anti-Trump ad campaign paid for with his massive personal fortune. That fortune would make him a force in the presidential race: He's a new kind of rich, able to drop unheard-of sums of his own money into the race without feeling it. Bloomberg also appears to be avoiding the mistakes of the former Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz, who joined the Democratic primary by attacking other Democratic candidates, which did not make him popular with Democratic voters. Aides to ",politics
"HONG KONG — Amazon, Apple, Google, and other technology giants are distributing physical goods and apps from Chinese companies that the US government has accused of abetting human rights violations, BuzzFeed News has found. The goods and apps come from three companies — Hikvision, Dahua Technology, and iFlytek — which the US Commerce Department recently placed on an export blacklist for their role in aiding in the surveillance and detention of more than a million Uighur Muslims and other Muslim ethnic minorities in China’s northwest Xinjiang region. The blacklist designation prevents US companies from exporting commodities or software to those companies. But it does not stop Amazon and eBay from selling their products in their own online marketplaces, or Google and Apple from distributing their apps to US consumers. BuzzFeed News’ findings underscore, however, the extent to which the technology industry’s leading companies continue to work with entities that supply surveillance software and cameras to watch over one of the world’s most persecuted ethnic minorities. BuzzFeed News counted hundreds of products from Dahua and Hikvision, which manufacture security system equipment, and iFlytek, a voice recognition and translation company, on Amazon, eBay, and Overstock. Apple and Google also collectively distributed more than 100 apps from the three Chinese companies on the Apple App Store and Google Play, the main marketplace for Android software. “We know that these companies are amongst the suppliers of the surveillance regime in Xinjiang and the whole spectrum of incarceration,” said James Millward, a professor at Georgetown University’s School of Foreign Service, of Hikvision, Dahua, and iFlytek. “It points out how difficult it is to try to pressure China on these issues.” The tech giants' distribution of apps and products from three blacklisted entities comes at a time of heightened scrutiny over how much Western companies are willing to appease China in order to m",tech
"LONDON — Members of the group that helped win an unprecedented national declaration of a climate emergency have spent months putting their bodies on the line — laying down in front of cars, getting naked and gluing their bodies to windows — and, in the early days, asking people to think about the impending mass extinction of life on Earth as the moral equivalent of the Holocaust. Extinction Rebellion — XR for short — first made major headlines in April by bringing London to a standstill for more than a week. Thousands of protesters occupied traffic points across the city, resulting in more than 1,000 arrests. Though the British government was on the edge of collapse over Brexit, the group dominated news coverage, staging mass “die-ins” at some of London’s most visited sites, and smashing glass doors on oil giant Shell’s London’s offices. Protesters stood on top of trains and barricaded the entrance to the London Stock Exchange. Members even managed to park a full-size pink boat emblazoned with the words “TELL THE TRUTH” in the middle of Oxford Circus, one of London’s busiest intersections. “Tell the truth” is Extinction Rebellion’s first principle. The group believes it is time for lawmakers and the public to confront head-on that unless we stop emitting carbon dioxide within a few short years, hundreds of millions of people will die and we’ll risk sparking a catastrophic warming cycle that can’t easily be reversed. This is not just the group’s opinion — the planet’s warming and many of the likely effects form a consensus in the scientific community and the United Nations — but many world leaders have soft-pedaled or been accused of lying outright to avoid dealing with this terrifying reality. The group’s second principle is “act as if the truth is real” — in other words, now that we know this catastrophe is around the corner, we must do everything possible to stop it. That’s why, as the group was ramping up last year, some leaders called on people to respond with t",science
"My friends had a lot of reasons to be skeptical about my decision to get myself pregnant eight years ago, at the tender age of 40. I had just spent months pursuing a long-distance romance with a recovering heroin addict living in her mother’s sewing room on the other side of the country, a person who was sublimating her drug of choice with compulsive lying. Meanwhile, I’d gone weeks existing on Tillamook cheddar cheese, Triscuits, and cigarettes. I had no health insurance, in part because I sabotaged a plum teaching job to avail myself of the opportunity to attend Paris Fashion Week (who wouldn’t, though?). Basically, I lacked stability. Which was great in an artist — preferable, even — but not high on the list of qualities we look for in mothers. Plus, I had never, ever spoken of a desire to have children — not ever. Once I was walking with a good friend, also a queer writer, who mistakenly thought I’d said that a mutual friend was pregnant. “Oh, thank god,” they gasped when I corrected them. My friend cleaved the queers they knew into two camps — breeders and nonbreeders — and tended to avoid the former. “No way, she would NEVER have a baby,” I said. Yucko. It was clear which camp I fell into — no kids, no way. To be fair, childbirth is yucky. That mutated stomach, with something alive inside it, something that ripples your skin with its kicks? That’s sci-fi. Your body rearranges itself to accommodate the parasite, forcing your kidneys over there and your stomach way up here. Smells make you projectile-vomit; your feet swell into appendages that look evolved for swimming, not walking. You drink whole jars of pickle juice in a fugue state; you acquire carpal tunnel syndrome, take up snoring, and, at your most loathsome, become so ludicrously horny you lose whole afternoons to TubeGalore. At the end of it all, your vagina — that place made for good times — turns itself inside out to release a greasy, squalling creature somehow leashed to your insides with a fleshy r",reader
"Obviously, you know Camila Cabello. It's been two years since the ""Señorita"" singer gave us the summer jam, ""Havana,"" but I'm still listening to it like I heard it for the first time yesterday. But, instead of celebrating her single, Camila marked the anniversary by shutting down body shamers and lifting up her young fans in a powerful Instagram post. She wrote, ""I haven't gone on social media AT ALL with the conscious intention of avoiding things that hurt my feelings. But for a second I forgot while trying to find a pic to post about it being Havana's two-year anniversary, and my eyes accidentally ran over a headline of people 'body shaming me.'' ""Honestly, first thing I felt was super insecure just IMAGINING what these pictures must look like. 'Oh no! My cellulite!' 'Oh no! I didn't suck in my stomach!' But then I was like...of course there are bad pictures, of course there are bad angles. My body's not made of fucking rock, or all muscle, for that matter."" ""But the saddest part of young girls growing up in an airbrushed world is [that] they're seeking a perfection that's not real,"" she added. ""I'm writing this for girls like my little sister who are growing up on social media. They're constantly seeing photoshopped, edited pictures and thinking that's reality — everyone's eyes get used to seeing airbrushed bodies and airbrushed skin, and suddenly they think THAT'S the norm?! It isn't. It's fake. AND FAKE IS BECOMING THE NEW REAL."" ""We have a completely unrealistic view of a woman's body,"" she continued. ""Girls, cellulite is normal. Fat is normal. It's beautiful and natural. I won't buy into the bullshit today!!! Not today, satan. And I hope you don't either ❤️. Love only, Camila."" Not today, satan! Though it can be hard to do sometimes, it's important to love the skin you're in. Thanks for the reminder, Camila! ❤️",health
"WASHINGTON — After a day of groundbreaking testimony from Gordon Sondland, the US ambassador to the European Union, House Democrats appear to have their case to take to the American people. Sondland’s testimony filled in big chunks of the Ukraine narrative and may have given Democrats all the ammunition they need to draft articles of impeachment. Critically, they can now point to an ally of President Donald Trump's who has sworn under oath that yes, there was a quid pro quo. “The information is overwhelming. It’s pretty clear and easy, I think, for the American people to understand and follow,” said Rep. Val Demings. “And it’s pretty convincing.” Rep. Joaquin Castro said the House now has enough evidence to move forward “in good faith” to draw up articles of impeachment against Trump. Sondland’s testimony was “incredibly important” in making that case, he said. Sondland, who donated $1 million to Trump’s inauguration committee and was handpicked by the president to the top diplomatic posting in Europe, once seemed to be Trump's top defense witness. Instead, on Wednesday he made a series of damning claims, including: That Trump demanded a political quid pro quo from Ukraine: In order for Volodymyr Zelensky to get a sought-after meeting with Trump at the White House, the Ukrainian president had to publicly announce he was launching investigations involving the Biden family and a conspiracy theory that Ukrainians and Democrats conspired to elect Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential election. That Sondland later became “absolutely convinced” Trump was also withholding hundreds of millions of dollars of congressionally approved military aid from Ukraine until it announced those investigations, and “it was abundantly clear to everyone.” That Sondland conveyed this demand to Ukrainian officials multiple times. That Sondland helped draft a statement for Zelensky to announce the investigations. That the top levels of the Trump administration were in the loop for all ",politics
"The CEO of Airbnb has announced that the company will be banning ""party houses"" and doubling down on its efforts to get rid of ""abusive host and guest conduct"" in direct response to the deadly shooting that broke out during a Halloween party held at an Airbnb rental in Orinda, California. On Thursday, renters of the home in Orinda threw a party attended by more than 100 guests, despite the Airbnb host stating that parties are not allowed at the property. Five people were fatally shot after gunfire broke out, and the Contra Costa County Sheriff's Office is continuing to investigate the tragedy. On Saturday, Airbnb's cofounder and CEO Brian Chesky wrote a Twitter thread announcing a plan of action to carry out a sitewide ban on ""party houses,"" including implementing a system that will screen for and flag ""high-risk reservations."" Additionally, the company will be ""creating a dedicated 'party house' rapid response team,"" Chesky tweeted, before also pledging to take ""immediate action against users who violate these enhanced guest policies, including removal."" When asked how exactly it will determine which listings are ""party houses"" (or be potentially used for parties), an Airbnb representative told BuzzFeed News they're still in the process of figuring out these variables. ""All of this is being determined as part of the 10-day review being spearheaded by our new VP of Trust, Margaret Richardson,"" the representative said. While details are apparently still being ironed out, the company said it is working to support the ""families and neighbors impacted by this tragedy."" ""We must do better, and we will. This is unacceptable,"" Chesky tweeted. Police have identified the victims of the Halloween party shooting as Tiyon Farley, 22, of Antioch, Omar Taylor, 24, of Pittsburg, Ramon Hill Jr., 23, of San Francisco/Oakland, 29-year-old Javin County, 29, of Sausalito/Richmond, and Oshiana Tompkins, 19, of Vallejo/Hercules. ""Everything was perfectly fine, and then it just was gunsho",tech
"Louisiana faces major flooding from Barry, as the storm moves slowly north. Parts of the state were already flooded from torrential rain Wednesday, and the Mississippi River is still swollen after record flooding earlier this year upstream. “This storm still has a long way to go before it leaves the state,” Gov. John Bel Edwards said late Saturday. “The worst is yet to come.” This map shows threats from flash floods and rivers bursting their banks. The points show stream gauges for which there is enough historical data to forecast the likelihood of flooding over the next several days. This map shows predicted rainfall over the coming week, and the projected track of the eye of the storm. Use this map to track the immediate threat of rainfall over the next 24 hours. From Saturday onward, the National Weather Service is predicting a high risk of flash flooding in and around New Orleans. Heavy rain will also further swell the Mississippi River. The NWS was predicting that at New Orleans, the river level will rise to 2 feet above its designated flood stage Saturday. But later on Friday, it reduced that forecast to at or around the flood stage level. One huge question for New Orleans was whether the city’s system of levees, infamously breached in 2005 by Hurricane Katrina, would withstand rising water from the river and the sea. The threats from surging seas have now mostly subsided. This map shows storm surge and warnings and watches issued by the National Hurricane Center. As always, obey evacuation orders from local officials. See here for more information on the storm.   This post has been updated to reflect forecast information as Tropical Storm Barry came ashore. Further updated to reflect the change to hurricane status, shortly before the storm made landfall. Updated to add a map of threats from flooding and to reflect threats from flooding. UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE",science
"During a recent sold-out show in Minneapolis, Billie Eilish burst onto the stage, jumping around with anarchic glee, singing her bouncy, brooding hit “Bad Guy.” As her trademark tarantulas crawled around on a screen in the background, her audience sang along. “My fucking shin splints are acting up right now,” she told the crowd during a break. “You know how annoying that is?” After taking a sip from her water bottle, she casually asked, “Who wants this, by the way? I just drank out of it,” before tossing the bottle, wedding bouquet–style, into a knot of screaming fans with their arms outstretched. Eilish seemed to explode out of nowhere earlier this year. Her first album, When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?, debuted at No. 1 in April and has hovered at the top of the charts since then. It has now sold 1.5 million copies, second only to Ariana Grande’s Thank U, Next this year. And while the 17-year-old had already conquered streaming last year, in the past couple of months, “Bad Guy” also shot up the Billboard Hot 100. This week “Bad Guy” became the longest-running No. 2 hit since Missy Elliott’s “Work It”; it’s been kept out of the top spot for months by the nationwide cultural phenomenon that is Lil Nas X’s “Old Town Road.” After a Justin Bieber remix and a new marketing push, “Bad Guy” looks like it might soon hit No. 1. In some ways it’s not surprising that the song, which (not counting an intro) opens Eilish’s album — and her concerts — has become the most radio-friendly version of her sound. Like one of the other most-streamed songs from the album, “You Should See Me in a Crown,” the song’s defiant chorus is instantly anthemic. “I’m the baaaad guyyyy,” she declares, with the refrain distorted into menacing electronica — and then punctuated by a deadpan, eyerolling “duh!” That combination perfectly captures her signature pop style: goth-lite menace leavened with cheeky teenage humor. That knack for blending different tones in unexpected ways is also express",reader
"Self-love, patience, and movement! I knew I couldn’t give up foods I loved forever (like pizza and cheeseburgers), so I made a lot of things in life rewards instead of punishments. If I kicked ass in my workouts all week, I would get a pizza. If the weather was really nice, I’d take a workout outside. Treating the process as a gift instead of a burden really helped my mindset to push through! —madisonv488f25ace I’ve always struggled with my weight, especially since college. I broke my foot last year and was out of commission for several months. I felt so miserable and useless when I couldn’t walk that when I finally could, I was SO motivated to move. I joined a gym and at first I could only do the stationary bike. Then I moved on to the elliptical, and then I slowly worked my way up to running again. So far my personal record is 10 miles! I also got a Fitbit, which makes fitness fun for me. Tracking food really helped me think about what I was eating, make better choices, and eat healthier (and less!). Losing 60 pounds was almost just a byproduct of challenging my body and empowering myself! I’m amazed every day at what my body can do, and I want to keep pushing myself. —chelsearea I’ve struggled with my weight my entire life but was never able to motivate myself for long enough to make a sustainable change. When I found out I was on the cusp of being diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, I finally made the mental shift to focus on my HEALTH and not my weight. I saved some money and signed up for three months of personal training (twice a week, non-refundable). Since I already spent the money, I felt like I had to fully commit so it “wasn’t a waste.” That quickly translated into my eating healthier and logging meals to ensure I was getting the best results possible from my “investment.” For me, the realization that my health was worth investing in (not just my appearance) made all the difference! For the first time in eight years, I was no longer pre-diabetic, and I was a",health
"WASHINGTON — The White House picked a line out of Ambassador Gordon Sondland hours-long testimony to claim victory and introduce what looks to become the latest Pro-Trump Republican talking point in the impeachment saga. During his opening statement, Sondland testified that lawyer Rudy Giuliani, under President Donald Trump's direction, requested a quid pro quo when he “demanded” Ukraine investigate Burisma Holdings and the 2016 presidential elections in exchange for arranging a White House visit from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. Sondland later said he became “absolutely convinced” that military aid to Ukraine depended on the country announcing those investigations, though he said he did not hear that directly from Trump. [The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.] Sondland, who serves as the ambassador to the European Union, also testified that after facing questions from other US officials about the Ukrainian aid, he called Trump in September. He had asked the president what exactly he needed from Ukraine, he said, and the president told him, “I want nothing. I want no quid pro quo. I want Zelensky to do the right thing.” Republicans ran with it. “Sondland, in fact, confirmed that there was no quid pro quo by the president,” said Minority Whip Steve Scalise. “He said it multiple times in his testimony today. Then, of course, you had the foreign minister of Ukraine last week acknowledging that there was never a link between money and investigations. When you combine all that, it makes it clear there was no quid pro quo, there was no link to the money being released.” Scalise also brought up a previous Republican talking point that has resurfaced: “They ultimately got the money and never got the statement that the Democrats keep saying they were forcing him to mak",politics
"This is part of a BuzzFeed News package on schools and social media surveillance. Read more here. For the 1,300 students of Santa Fe High School, participating in school life means producing a digital trail — homework assignments, essays, emails, pictures, creative writing, songs they've written, and chats with friends and classmates. All of it is monitored by student surveillance service Gaggle, which promises to keep Santa Fe High School kids free from harm. Santa Fe High, located in Santa Fe, Texas, is one of more than 1,400 schools that have taken Gaggle up on its promise to “stop tragedies with real-time content analysis."" It's understandable why Santa Fe's leaders might want such a service. In 2018, a shooter killed eight students and two teachers at the school. Its student body is now part of the 4.8 million US students that the for-profit ""safety management"" service monitors. A college student whose middle school used Gaggle told BuzzFeed News that the tool taught them that they would always be watched. “I feel like now I’m very desensitized to the threat of my information being looked at by people,” they said. Using a combination of in-house artificial intelligence and human content moderators paid about $10 an hour, Gaggle polices schools for suspicious or harmful content and images, which it says can help prevent gun violence and student suicides. It plugs into two of the biggest software suites around, Google’s G Suite and Microsoft 365, and tracks everything, including notifications that may float in from Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram accounts linked to a school email address. Gaggle touts itself as a tantalizingly simple solution to a diverse set of horrors. It claims to have saved hundreds of lives from suicide during the 2018–19 school year. The company, which is based in Bloomington, Illinois, also markets itself as a tool that can detect threats of violence. But hundreds of pages of newly revealed Gaggle documentation and content moderation poli",tech
"Jeffrey Epstein, the Wall Street financier who on Monday was indicted for running a sex trafficking ring and abusing underage girls as young as 14, was a major science donor who gave millions of dollars to leading scientists and top universities. Beneficiaries of Epstein’s scientific largesse included Harvard and MIT, according to press releases and records including filings by Epstein’s charitable foundations to the Internal Revenue Service, reviewed by BuzzFeed News. Though Epstein was publicity-shy, his charitable foundations described him as a “science philanthropist,” and between 2012 and 2014 issued press releases highlighting his support of top scientists, some of whom he counted as personal friends. Some institutes and researchers — including MIT, the celebrity physicist Lawrence Krauss, and the Melanoma Research Alliance — continued to take Epstein’s money long after the controversial 2008 plea deal that saw him serve just 13 months in a Florida jail, let out during the day to continue his work investing the fortunes of his billionaire clients. Now, at least one organization, the Santa Fe Institute in New Mexico, is considering whether to give away the money it received from Epstein after 2008. Epstein’s interest in science began years ago — a gushing 2002 profile in New York magazine claimed he was spending $20 million a year on his “covey of scientists,” giving them freedom to explore any avenue of research. Luminaries including the late Gerald Edelman, who won a Nobel Prize for his work on the structure of antibodies and was backed by Epstein to study the nature of consciousness, praised the financier for his sharp mind. Harvard mathematical biologist Martin Nowak, the magazine wrote, talked to Epstein on a weekly basis and was flown to his homes to give impromptu lectures. “Jeffrey has the mind of a physicist. It’s like talking to a colleague in your field,” Nowak told New York magazine. “He has changed my life. Because of his support, I feel I can do a",science
"In August 1977, the seven members of the band entered Wally Heider’s Studio 3 to begin the process of recording their third album. Daisy: When we all met up at the studio that first day, I brought this basket of cakes that someone had sent over to my place at the Marmont and my notebook full of songs. I was ready. Eddie: Daisy showed up in a thin tank top and these tiny cutoff shorts. Barely covered anything. Daisy: I run hot and I always have. I am not going to sit around sweating my ass off just so men can feel more comfortable. It’s not my responsibility to not turn them on. It’s their responsibility to not be an asshole. Billy: I had written about ten or twelve songs so far. All of them in great shape. But I knew I couldn’t go in there and tell them that I’d written the album already. Like I did with the other two albums. I couldn’t say that. Graham: It was kind of funny, to be honest. Watching Billy put on this act like he gave a shit what anyone else wanted on the album. God bless him.You could see the effort he was putting in. Talking all slow, thinking about his words. Daisy: We were sitting around and I handed over my notebook. I said, “I’ve got a lot of good stuff in here to start from.” I thought maybe everyone could read it all and we could discuss it from there. Billy: Here I am, holding back my twelve great songs, so that no one thinks I’m trying to control things, and Daisy’s just walking into a band she’s brand new to, expecting everyone to read a whole journal of ideas. Daisy: He didn’t even flip through it. Billy: If Daisy and I were going to write an album together, it needed to be just the two of us. You can’t give seven people a say in the words. Somebody had to take charge and control the process. So I said, “Look, I wrote this song ‘Aurora.’ It’s the one I really believe in out of everything I’m working on for this album. The rest is up to us all. Daisy and I will write some songs and everyone will take a crack at the arrangements and once we’",reader
"We asked the BuzzFeed Community to tell us their wildest, funniest, and most awkward sex horror stories. It's time to find out which of these hilariously awful-yet-true events you'd rather experience.",health
"Democrats have hoped that the impeachment hearings might bridge the vast divide between the how the ideological factions in the country view President Donald Trump’s wrongdoing. On Wednesday, as Gordon Sondland, the US ambassador to the European Union, read his opening statement, liberal Twitter users buzzed optimistically that it might finally be the moment. “I know that members of this committee have frequently framed these complicated issues in the form of a simple question: Was there a quid pro quo?” Sondland said. “As I testified previously, with regard to the requested White House call and White House meeting, the answer is yes.” “Holy cow Gordon Sondland going full John Dean in opening statement,” MSNBC host Ari Melber tweeted. “There is a Trump presidency before today and a Trump presidency after today,” Anand Giridharadas, an author and Time editor-at-large, tweeted. But there are two impeachment hearings unfolding in the nation's capital. One, carried out by the Democrats, is designed to ascertain the truth as to whether Trump sought a ""quid pro quo"" deal with Ukraine to get the country to investigate Joe Biden and the 2016 presidential election in exchange for aid money. The other, being carried out simultaneously by the Republicans, is quite different. Instead of trying to learn the truth, it seeks to create not just a counternarrative but a completely separate reality. Each round of GOP questioning is not meant to interrogate the witnesses, which today included Sondland, but instead to create moments that can be flipped into Fox News segments, shared as bite-size Facebook posts, or dropped into 4chan threads. Their alternate universe — built from baseless online conspiracy theories and reading the tea leaves of Trump’s Twitter feed — dominates Fox News and Facebook. And the Republicans’ strategy, as confusing and bizarre as it may seem to those on the outside, is working. Here’s TrumpWorld’s version of the impeachment narrative: Claims of Russian meddli",politics
"Spyware created by an Israeli surveillance company linked to the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi and used to target senior government officials in US-allied countries was also used to spy on more than two dozen prominent human rights activists, journalists, politicians, academics, and judges in India, WhatsApp revealed on Thursday. The revelation has rocked the country — WhatsApp’s largest market with over 400 million users — and sparked fears that India’s right-wing nationalist government led by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has surveilled dissidents, even though it’s not clear who, or even which national government, ordered the snooping through the software tool, known as Pegasus. India’s Home Ministry, the federal government department responsible for the country’s security, has denied being behind the hack, describing the reports as an attempt to “malign the government of India.” Pegasus exploited a flaw in WhatsApp, the Facebook-owned instant messaging app, to insert malicious code on a target’s device by making a video call through WhatsApp, the company said. WhatsApp, which has more than 1.5 billion users around the world, fixed the flaw in May, and immediately started working with a University of Toronto–based internet watchdog called Citizen Lab, which began contacting people affected over the past several weeks. WhatsApp sued the NSO Group, the Israeli company which created Pegasus in a San Francisco federal court earlier this week, saying that the tool was used to target at least 100 human rights activists, journalists, and members of the civil society across the world. On Thursday, WhatsApp disclosed for the first time that people in India were affected, telling the Indian Express newspaper that “not an insignificant number” of Indians were among those targeted. A WhatsApp spokesperson provided the following statement to BuzzFeed News: ""In May we quickly resolved a security issue and notified relevant Indian and international government authoriti",tech
"🚨The following contains disturbing content. Please read along at your own discretion!🚨Also, not all submissions are from Community users. When air and gases left in a corpse start to escape through the throat and nose, they could make the vocal cords vibrate, resulting in a noise that sounds like a groan. Can you imagine working in a funeral home and hearing this for the first time? No thanks!!! —beckywarner Photos were a luxury at this time, so if someone passed away before getting a photo taken during their life, this was their only opportunity to be captured in a still. As photography in general became more common, this practice of taking photos of the dead became less common. —angelav45d8cf1a3 Stories about people bursting into flames while minding their own business date back hundreds of years, though there are only a handful of reported cases, and the possibility of it has never been 100% confirmed.  —samsamosa According to a 2006 study done by the National Academies of Science's Institute of Medicine, illegible dosages and abbreviations of drug names have led to millions of injuries and thousands of deaths. From the moment a person dies, insects become attracted to the decaying body. Forensic entomologists are able to determine time and cause of death based on the stages of larvae, insect behavior, and more. One mortician compared this flattening of the eyeball to that of an old grape that looks deflated. To keep eyes looking plump during funeral services, eye caps are often placed under the eyelids to re-create the shape the eyeballs had during life. According to a 2008 study, the eyeballs of blue-eyed corpses turned to brown or black within 48 to 72 hours of death when at room temperature. Pathologists and crime scene investigators have learned to take note of this, so as not to make incorrect notes while performing autopsies or misidentify victims. —katiekinssw Up until the 20th century, investigators would dissect victims' eyes after death to try to find ",science
"Kylie Jenner is rarely alone in photographs. If she’s not posing with one of her sisters — sporting rose gold spandex in an ad for a Kylie Cosmetics collaboration with Khloé, or wearing matching flesh-colored bodysuits with Kim as promo for their joint makeup collection — then she’s likely to be captured twinning with one of her girlfriends on the ‘gram. Until February, that girl would have been Jordyn Woods, Kylie’s middle school BFF and closest confidant. But then TMZ broke the hugely scandalous, widely read news that Woods had hooked up with Tristan Thompson, the father of Khloé’s daughter, at a party at Thompson’s house. (Woods said that Thompson kissed her briefly, but that was all that happened.) Kylie deleted photos of Jordyn from her Instagram, and then unfollowed her. The pair are apparently amicable but no longer close. So lately, when Kylie needs someone to pose with her in a set of Balenciaga crushed velvet minidresses or sheer Missoni maxis, she calls on Anastasia Karanikolaou, a YouTuber and Instagram model much better known as Stassie Baby, to be her double. Kyile’s followers noticed the switch: “I love how Kylie rarely acknowledged stass when her and jordyn were bffs and now that jordyn isn’t in the pic Kylie is all up stass’s ass again lol,” Twitter user @canudoublenot noted in June. Kylie’s habit of using another woman — as Jordyn and Stassie’s interchangeability demonstrates, it doesn’t seem to matter much which one — as part of her brand is nothing new for the Kardashian/Jenner family. They have always drawn power in part from the promise of women’s solidarity and sisterly closeness, often gilding their girl power with a sexualized edge. And they’ve solidified their “girl’s girl” bonafides by touting tight friendships with other women. (After all, Kim’s first claim to fame was as Paris Hilton’s BFF and stylist.) When Larsa Pippen split from then-husband Scottie, tabloids circulated a rumor that Kourtney was keeping her afloat financially; Khloé’s",reader
"Look, I consider myself to be decently ""in shape"", but I can't follow a basic Richard Simmons aerobics video for shit. Greg and Heidi walked us through the proper form for each punch and kick move, one by one. We would do several reps of each move, so it was a pretty good workout in itself. One thing I learned is that pulling a full-grown man over your head is almost entirely done by the stunt man. I would like to think I was that strong, but these people are trained to literally throw themselves over you. So, while it looks like I'm doing all the work, I really am just following the steps given to me by Greg and Heidi and the stuntman is doing the rest. I bet you thought the GIF above is when I actually kicked his nuts, but you would be wrong. We didn't get the real ball kick on video, but this just goes to show how real kicking the upper, inner thigh looks. Also, in case you were wondering, the stuntman claimed to be fine and I'm pretty sure my ""kicking"" was a gentle tap. 🤷 In this sequence I combined the basic punch moves with the footwork we had practiced for a couple hours beforehand. YES, I LEARNED THIS ALL IN HALF A DAY!!! SOMEONE GIVE ME A COOKIE, DAMNIT!!! Hi, I'm Krista and I decided it was time I learned how to crush more than just a few glasses wine. It was time to learn how to crush a few...criminals. I love seeing females kick butt on screen and I've always wondered how they prepare for fight scenes. So, I decided to take a training session with some of Hollywood's best stunt coordinators to make my own live-action fight scene. Despite being super intimidated, I brushed my fears aside and and channelled my inner badass. Greg Rementer – the stunt coordinator for the Fast And Furious: Hobbs And Shaw – lead the class. He has also worked in the stunts department for movies like Avengers: Endgame, Avengers: Infinity War, and Deadpool 2. In addition, Heidi Moneymaker assisted Greg during the class. Heidi has also worked in the stunts department for countless",health
"As public impeachment hearings kicked off in Washington last week, a meme featuring Rep. Adam Schiff spread across Facebook. Within minutes of one another, at least 23 pages with state-themed names such as Ohio Supporters for President Donald J Trump and Iowa Supporters for President Donald J Trump shared an image of Schiff with the words “Lock Up Adam Schiff for Treason” and “Make American Great Again” encircling his head. This was one of two anonymously run pro-Trump networks of pages identified by a researcher and BuzzFeed News that share memes and stories, some of which are false or misleading, in a coordinated fashion. When contacted for comment, Facebook told BuzzFeed News the two networks do not violate its policy against coordinated inauthentic behavior. While it’s unclear exactly who's behind the network that spread the Schiff meme, the pages heavily promote posts from the campaign page of Robert Hyde, a landscaping business owner seeking the GOP nomination for a congressional seat in Connecticut. On the Connecticut Supporters for President Donald J Trump page, Hyde is seen posing with Trump in its profile and background photos. When asked about his relationship to the network of pages, Hyde was evasive. “I like positivity and like to follow all Trump media,” he said in an initial email to BuzzFeed News. In a follow-up message, he said he does not run the pages. The pages and their murky connections to a political candidate highlight the challenges in determining who is behind coordinated activity on Facebook, whose interest page networks may serve, and what does and doesn’t rise to the platform’s standard of “coordinated inauthentic behavior.” The enforcement of that policy is a major focus going into next year’s US election, as Facebook works to prevent the rampant manipulation and inauthentic behavior that marred the 2016 campaign on the world’s largest social network. The company’s head of security policy, Nathaniel Gleicher, told BuzzFeed News it will ",politics
"This is part of a BuzzFeed News package on schools and social media surveillance. Read more here. On July 29, a 13-year-old who used to tweet as @valkyries_queen was watching New Girl on Netflix when the plot really got to her. “nick if you dont fall in love with jess again im gonna kill you,” she posted from her pseudonymous account, named after the character Valkyrie, portrayed by her crush, Tessa Thompson, in the Marvel movies. @valkyries_queen had about 220 followers. Her tweet, sent from where she lives in Washington state, didn’t get any replies, any retweets, any attention, really — except from a school district more than 2,000 miles away, in Texas. The tweet triggered the algorithms powering an automated monitoring system called Social Sentinel, which scans social media for language or images suggesting a potential threat to school safety. The system determines which schools the users may be associated with and notes locations they list in their profiles. Social Sentinel sent @valkyries_queen’s tweet to at least five officials in the Katy Independent School District, just outside the Houston metropolitan area. @valkyries_queen had moved away from Katy, Texas, where she used to go to school, some three months previously but still followed her school’s Twitter account. Five of her tweets were flagged to school officials as potential safety threats that July. In one post, she joked about wanting to kill herself; in another, about killing her father because he made a racist joke. In a third, she corrected someone about Valkyrie’s sexual orientation: “If I see one more comment calling Valkyrie a lesbian I'm going to KILL ALL OF YOU. MY GIRL IS BISEXUAL AND IF YOU DONT SHUT UP RN.” @valkyries_queen told BuzzFeed News she wrote all these tweets in jest. She treats her account, as many teens do, as a kind of online journal. “It’s just the fandom,” she said about the New Girl tweet. “They broke up and I was being upset ... like any teen would about a show.” And she’s",tech
"Hours of intense rain soaked New Orleans Wednesday, flooding streets and shuttering downtown stores as the city braces for more damage in the coming days from a storm brewing off the Gulf Coast.Weather experts warn the potential tropical cyclone could strengthen into a hurricane in time to slam into the coast by the weekend. Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards issued a state of emergency Wednesday in preparation for the arrival of the weather system. The looming storm is predicted to bring strong winds and more rain. It's also expected to swell the Mississippi River, with forecasts predicting the river will crest around 20 feet on Saturday. This would threaten New Orleans’ levees of similar height. The name ""Barry"" is reserved for the potential storm. No named storm has made landfall this year since hurricane season officially began in June. Wednesday’s rainfall was only “indirectly related” to the brewing storm, said Andrew Orrison, a National Weather Service meteorologist. River flooding is a concern for the weekend ""unless things change drastically,” NWS hydrologist Jeff Graschel told BuzzFeed News. Wednesday's extreme storm brought up to 8 inches of rain to some areas within three hours, according to the city. Earlier in the day, the NWS issued flash flood, thunderstorm, and tornado warnings for New Orleans and the surrounding areas. The result was widespread flooding, such as to shop-lined Magazine Street and tourist favorite Bourbon Street. The city's Sewerage & Water Board, which manages the pumps, said that the pumping stations ""were fully manned throughout the storm."" City officials warned people to stay off the roads. Some people ditched their cars for kayaks and boats.",science
"A good way to make yourself feel like you’ve got any kind of control over your life is to play with dolls, because you can make them do whatever you want. Another good thing about owning Barbies if you’re a little queer girl is that you can look at their naked bodies and not feel like anyone will say anything weird to you for it, because if there’s anything we know about Barbies, it’s that they were manufactured for the purpose of taking their clothes off and putting new clothes on. I make my dolls kiss, topless. I run their plastic hands across my own body. Their chests are rounded and perfectly shaped. Their waists are slim enough to fit the smallest imaginable skirt. Their feet are formed to slip inside Cinderella’s slipper. No one else will ever have feet so small and good as mine, says Barbie. I’m perfect. I don’t have a dream house or a car. I don’t have any of the extras. “We’re poor,” says my mother. We can’t afford any of the stuff that Barbie can. Barbie is rich. Barbie has a better wardrobe, nicer toiletries, a swimsuit that’s not a hand-me-down from a second cousin. I do have some kitchen stuff. I have a small, off-brand pink plastic microwave gifted to me by an aunt. Everything Barbie owns is pink, even though I don’t like pink and we have to have a girly bedroom because I share with my sister and that’s what she’d prefer, even though she’s eight years younger than me. Pink bedspread, pink walls, pink lamp that glows and lights up all the stains I’ve gotten on the gingham. If Barbie’s stained, it’s from me. She’d never get into that kind of mess on her own. “You dirty everything you touch,” says my mother, and it’s true. I am the kind of girl whose hair is never brushed. I’ll brush Barbie’s hair, though. I’ll try to keep her clean. One day, I take a shoebox and I make Barbie a bedroom by setting it on its side and using the lid as a propped-up wall. I decorate it with markers. I turn Kleenex into bedsheets. Cotton ball pillow. Barbie lies down amid all ",reader
"I'm sorry, ladies. They've done it again, not just once. They can't be stopped: MEN WHO VERY BADLY DESCRIBED FEMALES IN LITERATURE. ""I know the perfect hiding place. IT'S GENIUS."" ""I haven't taken a single anatomy class in my life, but, trust me, I know how this works."" ""I have to make sure everyone knows that I don't think soft women are powerful!!!!!!"" ""This sounds right."" ""What can I compare sex sounds to???"" *looks over at pasta bowl* ""Ah, I know."" ""No need to second-guess this. It's definitely not problematic."" ""What emotion would titayz have if they could have an emotion? SHUT UP, I'VE GOT IT."" ""Any excuse to use 'jumbo popovers' in a sentence."" ""Alexa, why do girls have periods????? WAIT, YOU KNOW WHAT? Never mind. I got this."" ""Trust me, I know what I'm talking about."" ""This is a good way to describe her eyeballs."" ""You know, like one of tHoSe CoLLeGe GoOrLz!"" ""I gotta make sure my readers are aware of her nipples."" ""God, I'm hungry."" ""This is so brilliantly deep."" ""But how do I describe boobiez in the most extra way possible???"" ""A woman this beautiful can only love a man. It's science!"" ""HMMMMM, what do women love about themselves???? OH, I KNOW...their beautiful flesh skeleton."" H/T to @men_write_women and r/menwritingwomen",health
"[The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.] WASHINGTON — The House impeachment hearings might be getting all the attention these days, but across the Capitol, the Senate has been quietly interviewing witnesses as part of its own inquiry. The Senate Intelligence Committee has in recent weeks interviewed several people as it looks into the handling of the whistleblower complaint at the center of the first impeachment inquiry in more than two decades, committee leadership told BuzzFeed News. North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr, the chair of the committee, said Tuesday that the panel has been “interviewing people that might be tied to” the complaint. Burr declined to reveal exactly how many people the committee has already questioned behind closed doors, but a spokesperson for Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the committee vice chair, said it was “multiple individuals involved in the handling of the complaint.” The August whistleblower complaint accused the president of abusing his power by pressuring the Ukrainians to investigate his political rival, Joe Biden, and the origins of former special counsel Robert Mueller’s probe. The identity of the whistleblower — an employee within the intelligence community — is protected by law. Despite that, some Republicans have threatened to reveal the person’s identity. Burr has expressed frustration that committee staff have been unable to interview the whistleblower, whose attorneys have conveyed concerns about their client’s safety. They have offered to have the whistleblower answer questions in writing, but Burr said “that was rejected.” Burr also warned that the committee could force the whistleblower to be questioned in-person. “We’ve got a track record of protecting whistleblowers, witnesses,” Burr said. “We’ve offered to meet him anywhere, a",politics
"What if you spent three years in law school, taking classes in contracts, torts, and constitutional law, and paying more than $11,000 a year, but — here’s the twist — at the end of it you weren't a lawyer? That's what a small number of online law schools are offering with a degree called the Executive Juris Doctor. The schools explain upfront that students won't be eligible to practice law but can use their “advanced legal training in one of the many law-related areas.” Yet many students find that what seems like it could be a leg up amounts to little more than an expensive education in the difference one letter makes. “I finished July 26 and am looking for a job. I could scream because instead of getting a JD degree qualifying me to take the California Bar, I settled for the underdog degree, EJD. This is a non-bar attorney degree. No one knows what the f--- it is and trying to describe it makes you look like a goddamned fool. Yeah, I screwed myself it appears,” Copperas Cove, Texas, resident Brenda Cuney told BuzzFeed News. In 2019, Cuney received her degree from Concord Law School, an unaccredited online law school based in Los Angeles, which since 2018 has been part of Purdue University Global, the online arm of the public university in Indiana. She took out the full cost of tuition, fees, and living expenses in student loans, hoping that after she graduated she would land a solid paralegal position. Concord’s website promised to “enhance your career by developing legal expertise.” But in the end, she was left with a degree few — if any — employers recognized, no more of an ability to become a paralegal than when she started, and more than $60,000 in loans (on top of existing debt for her bachelor’s degree). She now works as a substitute teacher, earning roughly $80 per day. And even though Concord was clear with Cuney about the limitations of the program, legal experts aren’t clear why the program is offered at all. There’s no such thing as an Executive Dentist’",tech
"Young climate activists are preparing to launch a sprawling, nationwide campaign to push the Democratic National Committee to allow a presidential primary debate devoted to the climate crisis. “We started this fight centrally at the DNC headquarters. Now we’re taking the fight out of DC and into communities across America,” Varshini Prakash, cofounder of the Sunrise Movement, told BuzzFeed News. At least 1,200 people, including more than 100 high schoolers, have already signed up to rally for a climate debate at local DNC offices in states including Arizona, California, Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. The clock is ticking. There’s a chance DNC members could vote on whether to allow a climate debate at their Aug. 22–24 meeting in San Francisco. In early June, DNC Chair Tom Perez said the Democratic Party would not host a climate debate and barred candidates from participating in outside ones. So the fact that a DNC committee is now mulling over a resolution to allow one is viewed as a win by debate supporters, notably those with the Sunrise Movement who protested the climate debate ban by camping out for days in front of DNC headquarters in Washington, DC. Now those activists are turning up the pressure to make sure there’s actually a memberwide vote on the resolution and it goes their way. The DNC declined to comment on the Sunrise Movement protests. The Sunrise Movement is also preparing to send around 1,000 people to Detroit, coinciding with the second Democratic primary debate in the city at the end of July, to rally with other activists. They will be highlighting the Green New Deal — a sweeping 10-year proposal to jointly tackle climate change, the economy, and poverty — and how it can help energize cities like Detroit. The grassroots group, formed in 2017, got viral attention in November when young activists assembled to protest at now-speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi’s office. Joined by newly elected Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a Democrat from New York, t",science
"A video of Brad Pitt getting hit by a car went viral a few months ago. Technically, he gets hit by two cars, the first launching him into the air to bounce off the windshield of the other with the rubbery spring of an egg soaked in maple syrup. The slapstick severity of the accident isn't even the weird part. The weird part is the scene that precedes it, in which Pitt and Claire Forlani walk away from each other down a city street for what feels like forever, the soundtrack assuring us that this is the most poignant shit we've ever seen. First she stops and looks back, and then he does, then her, then him, her again, him again, and then, boom, cars. Forlani puts visible effort into projecting yearning and indecision into her backward glances. Pitt looks more like someone who's idly wondering if Whole Foods is down this block or the next one. The clip was from the 1998 movie Meet Joe Black, and it wasn't just a sign of how one decade's interminable romantic fantasy can fade from pop cultural memory only to be rediscovered as another's internet novelty. It was also a reminder of what a curiously inert leading man Pitt could be, and was, for long stretches of his A-list career. In the tepid top-billed roles Pitt took when he was breaking big in the ’90s, in films like the aforementioned Joe Black, or Edward Zwick's silly/serious Legends of the Fall (1994), or the trudging biopic Seven Years in Tibet (1997), he wasn't — as critic Dana Stevens once perfectly described Keanu Reeves — blurry. He was bloodless (literally, in the otherwise-a-scream 1994 Anne Rice adaptation Interview With the Vampire), an absurdly angel-faced absence at the center of these failed prestige pics. But at the same time, he was doing infinitely more engaged and exciting work as a supporting character in Kalifornia and True Romance (both 1993), in 12 Monkeys (1995) and Fight Club (1999). And in his latest role, as Cliff Booth in Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, he’s maybe the best he’s ever been as ",reader
"Over the past day or so, #ThingsThatGiveMeAnxiety has been trending on Twitter and people are sharing the funny, accurate, and oddly specific things that set them off. Here's a small selection of some of the most relatable tweets:",health
"Pleas to legalize cannabis have echoed through the US Capitol since at least the 1970s, when pot-smoking hippies in suits started lobbying against prohibition, but comprehensive legalization bills had never passed out of a Congressional committee — until Wednesday. The House Judiciary Committee took a landslide 24-10 vote to approve legislation that would eliminate federal penalties for cannabis, remove conviction records, and invest in communities — particularly communities of color who have been disproportionately hurt by drug enforcement — to ensure they reap a share of legalization’s profits. ""Thousands of individuals — overwhelmingly people of color — have been subjected, by the federal government, to unjust prison sentences for marijuana offenses,” House Judiciary Committee chair Jerry Nadler said in opening remarks that nodded to the groundwork laid by Rep. Barbara Lee of California. “This needs to stop.” The committee’s decisive passage of the Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment and Expungement Act, or MORE Act, marks one of the clearest examples yet of marijuana crossing a threshold into mainstream political acceptance, even as it faces an uncertain vote by the entire House and a hostile audience in the Senate. Third-rail for generations, legalization support has become a virtual requirement among Democrats after several blue-state voters mandated their own laws, and the congressional bill won votes on Wednesday from Republicans as well. Among the cosponsors is Republican Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida. The legalization tide has swept right past Joe Biden, the former vice president and antidrug former senator, who stuck out as an outlier in the Democratic presidential race this week by opposing federal legalization and questioning whether pot is a “gateway drug.” The bill has support from House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, a spokesperson for the top House Democrat told BuzzFeed News this week, which bodes well for passage if it reaches a vote from the full chamber. Sti",politics
"Earlier this week, Apple made a surprise announcement: The AirPods Pro, featuring active noise cancellation, enhanced sound quality, and grippy silicone tips designed for a more comfortable fit, would be an upgraded version of the company’s wireless earbuds. For the last 24 hours, I’ve been testing the new buds, which hit stores today. My first impression? The AirPods Pro deliver impressive sound for their size and fine (but not stellar) noise cancellation for their price. There’s a lot to complain about when it comes to the original version of Apple’s AirPods. The battery (five hours per bud) doesn’t last a day on a single charge. They don’t offer noise cancellation. The hard plastic, one-size-fits-all design isn’t great for fit, comfort, or sound. They’re susceptible to being lost, dropped, and swallowed. And yet, AirPods are the best-selling headphones in the world. In the world! For many, the AirPods’ strengths outweigh their many flaws. The ear sticks are unmatched in how easily they pair with Apple devices, their portability, and consistent, reliable connection (which many other Bluetooth-enabled headphones struggle with). The AirPods have also taken their place in culture as a status symbol and bona fide meme. Their ubiquity — and stark white cyborg design — are impossible to ignore. It’s ~cool~ to own them. But because previous models of the AirPods left a lot to be desired on the sound front, my expectations for the AirPods Pro were very high. Also high: the price. The Pros cost $249, about $100 more than the last version of the AirPods cost, without the wireless charging case that retails for an extra $79. At that price, the buds have a lot to live up to. The new AirPods Pro undoubtedly produce better sound than the old AirPods. I actually felt the bass in the Knife’s “Heartbeats.” I heard the details in Darkside’s “Paper Trails” more clearly. My editor, John Paczkowski, a metalhead, said Yob’s ""Our Raw Heart"" sounded a little muddy, but the AirPod Pros ha",tech
"This portal to a parallel universe is actually just the sun's reflection in a puddle. These spinning wind chimes look like a couple of small square portals. This random door standing alone on an abandoned beach looks like it'd lead to somewhere out of this world. These clouds look like they've got a massive wormhole swirling within 'em. This photo taken right as the phone vibrated caused a warp in the image, but it looks like some sort of dimensional breakthrough. This flatbed truck carrying something massive looks like it just shot out of a wormhole. This trampoline that got blown away looks like a giant portal at the forest's entrance. The different shades of trees makes these windows look like the portals leading to different locations seen in Doctor Strange. This display at The Last Bookstore looks like something from the tesseract in Interstellar. This view from the bottom of this mug in a bar looks like it could be the inside of a wormhole... ...and this empty wine glass is also pretty mystical-looking! The sun glowing combined with the designs on this window look like it leads to an alternate dimension. This winding set of stairs looks looks like a swirling portal. These tree branches being lit up by the lamp definitely have an interdimensional vortex vibe. And finally, this photo of a beverage looks less like something you'd drink and more like something you'd dive into if you wanted to visit another dimension.",science
"The images from the two mass shootings this past weekend — in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio — were, as with all mass shootings, devastating. No matter how many news cycles come and go, it is impossible to stay numb to the story of a woman in El Paso who was shielding her baby son so that her dead body’s fall broke his bones while saving his life. But for the generation that came of age in the wake of the 1999 Columbine shooting, these horrors and the constant anxiety that they bring have begun to feel normal — even inevitable. There have been well over 2,000 mass shootings in this country since 20 children and 6 staff members of Sandy Hook Elementary School were gunned down six and a half years ago. That’s just about one per day. And if gun violence in the United States now feels as inevitable as sickness, old age, and death, any cure feels equally unattainable. In 2004, the Federal Assault Weapons Ban expired; in 2008, the Supreme Court codified a once-extremist view of the Second Amendment, declaring that it protects an individual and not just a collective right to bear arms; in 2012, the Senate failed to pass even symbolic gun control measures after Sandy Hook, while the parents of 20 dead children grieved and then-president Barack Obama cried on national television. Americans’ feelings of hopelessness and futility in the face of gun violence have been confirmed time and again. Over the same period of time, we have seen political partisanship skyrocket. Mostly since 1994 — when Newt Gingrich and a new wave of Republicans seized Congress in the so-called Republican Revolution, rewriting a new “Contract With America” — political attitudes have shifted toward the poles. Americans increasingly sort themselves by political belief structure, and political affiliation has become an increasingly central tenet of individual identity. In 1994, Congress also passed the assault weapons ban, which would prove to be the last major piece of federal legislation restricting gu",reader
"We've all likely fallen for some sort of scam before. But, only a select few have been REALLY, REALLY badly scammed! Like the kind of scam where you wired all your savings to a criminal. Or maybe one where you got completely catfished on a dating site and it ended badly. Perhaps you entered ALL YOUR PERSONAL information to a website you thought was legit and someone stole your identity. So, are you one of those select few who got REALLY scammed? If so, tell us what unfortunate scam you fell for and you could be featured in an upcoming BuzzFeed Community post!",health
"The three leaders for House caucuses representing racial minority interests signed a letter on Wednesday asking Google why it hired a former Department of Homeland Security staffer who worked on a version of the Muslim travel ban and helped implement the controversial family separation policy. Addressed to Google CEO Sundar Pichai, the letter — signed by Congressional Hispanic Caucus Chair Joaquin Castro, Congressional Black Caucus Chair Karen Bass, and Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus Chair Judy Chu — noted its members were “deeply troubled” by the hiring of Miles Taylor, a former DHS chief of staff who defended policies that Google’s leaders had previously denounced. He joined the company in September as a government affairs and public policy manager. “As one of the world’s largest tech companies, it is crucial that Google take seriously its role in practicing its values of diversity, equity, and inclusion,” the letter read. “We find it alarming when companies choose to reward and hire individuals that have played active roles in implementing cruel policies that target and hurt the communities we represent and Google is no exception.” The members' line of questioning echoes that coming from groups of Google employees, whose anger and confusion at Taylor’s September hiring has fueled internal rifts and a breakdown of trust between the company’s leaders and its rank and file. Last month, when employees attempted to ask questions about Taylor’s hiring following a BuzzFeed News report, Google censored some questions about the matter ahead of a companywide meeting known as TGIF. In the weeks since, Google has made it publicly known that it’s punishing alleged leakers and has cut down on the regularity and focus of its TGIF meetings, once a hallmark of the company’s open culture. A Google spokesperson declined to comment on the letter or Taylor. As a counselor to then–acting DHS secretary Elaine Duke in 2017, Taylor called the screening standards at US border",politics
"Even as Facebook has cracked down on anti-vaxxers and peddlers of snake oil cure-alls, a particularly grotesque form of fake cancer treatment has flourished in private groups on Facebook. Black salve, a caustic black paste that eats through flesh, is enthusiastically recommended in dedicated groups as a cure for skin and breast cancer — and for other types of cancer when ingested in pill form. There’s even a group dedicated to applying the paste to pets. A Facebook spokesperson told BuzzFeed News that these groups don’t violate its community guidelines. This summer, it launched an initiative to address “exaggerated or sensational health claims” and will downrank that content in the News Feed, similar to how it handles clickbait. But it’s not clear how it defines what a “sensational” health claim is. Citing user privacy, Facebook would not say whether or not it had downranked the black salve groups in the News Feed. Other platforms have taken a different approach. When BuzzFeed News asked YouTube about several videos where people discussed using black salve, YouTube said the videos were in violation and removed them. Amazon, which does not sell the salve itself, removed a book about black salve when BuzzFeed News asked about it. Doctors and medical literature are clear that black salve is not a safe or effective cure for cancer. The FDA does not allow the sale of the product in the US. But tech platforms are not in sync about how to handle it. And in the meantime, people are getting disfigured or dying. Proponents of black salve in the Facebook groups believe that the paste, typically made from a flowering plant called bloodroot and zinc chloride, only eats away cancerous or diseased tissue. (In fact, cases in medical literature describe extensive tissue damage.) The salve eats away at tissue for a few days or weeks, usually needing several reapplications. In groups like “Black Salve Healing Support Group,” people post photos of their affected areas and ask for advic",tech
"After two damaging quakes in as many days, Californians are wondering whether the feared “Big One” has become more or less likely. Seismologists say that the city of Ridgecrest, near the epicenter of both quakes, may be in for more aftershocks — with a small chance of an even bigger quake to come. But that won't affect whether or not a long-feared earthquake of up to magnitude 8 could occur along the San Andreas Fault, which hits the California coast near San Francisco and then runs down the state, passing to the east of Los Angeles. In general, one quake makes another more likely — but only on connected fault systems. The quakes near Ridgecrest happened on a system of relatively small faults in Kern County, just over 100 miles east of Bakersfield. The map above shows that the two quakes and the swarm of associated aftershocks have ruptured two faults intersecting each other at a 90-degree angle. “It does look like we might be seeing two different faults,” seismologist Lucy Jones of Caltech told a press conference Friday. The July 4 quake, a magnitude-6.4 tremor that struck at 10:33 a.m. local time, also happened at the intersection of the two. “This is an area with a lot of little faults,” she added. After Thursday's quake, Jones and other seismologists warned of aftershocks. Jones said it was likely there would be at least one larger than magnitude 5 within the next day. But the July 4 quake turned out to be a foreshock for the magnitude-7.1 tremor that hit at 8:20 p.m. Friday, a few miles to the northwest. It was followed by yet more aftershocks. Late Friday night, Jones tweeted that there was a 10% chance of yet another magnitude-7 quake. But the faults that have damaged buildings and fractured gas mains in Ridgecrest aren’t connected to the San Andreas or other big concerns like the Hayward Fault, which runs parallel to it down the east side of the San Francisco Bay. Pundits sometimes say that a big quake in Southern California is “overdue.” But in fact, there’",science
"The righteous and limitless Toni Morrison has finally departed, leaving us behind. She has left, but she is not gone. Her leaving is not too soon, though it might have always felt too soon for those of us who fingered the creases on the spine of Beloved or Sula or Jazz after pulling the book from a library shelf or the open palms of a parent. Toni dreamed up an honest and complicated world to counter the one we have always been immersed in. She made it plain that she was writing for her people and didn’t need to make room for anyone else. And never let anyone speak on writing for your people as anything but generosity. I am thinking about the generosity of Toni Morrison today. The generosity of moonlight, which cradled me against its shoulder and allowed me to read Beloved when I was a boy, awake past bedtime and obsessed with language, even if my obsession outpaced my understanding. I am thinking about the generosity of Morrison’s work, which stitched together an understanding of death, and what might or might not come after. I am thinking about Ohio, as I often am. There are black people in the Midwest. In places other than Chicago and St. Louis, I promise. There are black people who trudge through the unforgiving winters of the Upper Midwest, in Madison or Milwaukee or Duluth. There are black people among the golden and greens of Indiana — in Evansville, in Fort Wayne. And there are certainly black people in Ohio. All of them (knowingly or unknowingly) carrying something unique to their relationship with lineage, place, and history. Lorain, Ohio, sits at the long and yawning mouth of the Black River, a strong few stones' throws outside of Cleveland. In the early 1920s in Cartersville, Georgia, white people lynched two black people who lived on the same street as 15-year-old George Wofford. Soon after the lynching, Wofford moved to Lorain, which was an integrated town of industry. He married Ramah Willis Wofford, who gave birth to Toni Morrison in February 1931. T",reader
"The government is yet to respond to an inquest that found the death of a 24-year-old refugee in Australia's offshore detention was preventable, one year after the coroner published his recommendations to stop other deaths from occurring. This is despite the Department of Home Affairs repeatedly suggesting that it was close to responding to the coroner's findings, including telling Senate Estimates in December 2018 that it expected to formally respond by the end of 2018. In 2014, Hamid Khazaei died after contracting a leg infection while detained on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea. He was taken to Port Moresby three days after contracting the infection, where he had a series of cardiac arrests. He was flown to Brisbane, Australia, the following day, where he later died. After an inquest into Khazaei's death, Queensland state coroner Terry Ryan found that Khazaei could have lived if the medical care in PNG had measured up to Australian standards. In findings published on July 30, 2018 Ryan also said that Khazaei would have survived if he had been evacuated to Australia for medical treatment earlier. Ryan made eight recommendations to prevent other detainees from dying in offshore detention. But since those recommendations were published, the government has not publicly responded to them, and does not appear to have implemented them. When BuzzFeed News asked why the government has not responded, when it expected to do so, and whether it has implemented any of the recommendations, a home affairs spokesperson said in a short statement: ""The Government’s response to the recommendations made by the Queensland Coroner is being finalised."" Shadow minister for home affairs senator Kristina Keneally told BuzzFeed News in a statement that home affairs minister Peter Dutton's failure to respond to the recommendations was ""unacceptable"". ""Given the Queensland Coroner found Hamid’s death was, in fact, preventable and was the result of ‘compounding errors’, Mr Dutton must respond ",health
"WASHINGTON — In testimony to Congress Wednesday, the US ambassador to the European Union said that President Donald Trump, through lawyer Rudy Giuliani, explicitly ordered a specific ""quid pro quo"" deal with Ukraine to get the country to investigate Joe Biden and the 2016 US election in exchange for public support from the United States. Sondland also said he came to believe that US military aid to Ukraine was tied to that investigation request as well.""Mr. Giuliani’s requests were a quid pro quo for arranging a White House visit for President Zelensky,"" Ambassador Gordon Sondland told the House Intelligence Committee in his opening statement. ""Mr. Giuliani demanded that Ukraine make a public statement announcing investigations of the 2016 election/DNC server and Burisma.""The ""2016 election/DNC server"" referenced by Sondland is a conspiracy theory that Democrats colluded with Ukrainian nationals to delegitimize Trump's 2016 presidential win. Burisma is a Ukrainian gas company where Biden’s son Hunter served on the board.Sondland said that he believed that the suspension of US military aid to Ukraine was due to the fact that, at the time, the Ukrainian government had not publicly announced these investigations.""I was adamantly opposed to any suspension of aid, as the Ukrainians needed those funds to fight against Russian aggression,"" Sondland told members of Congress. ""I tried diligently to ask why the aid was suspended, but I never received a clear answer, still to this day.""""In the absence of any credible explanation for the suspension of aid, I later came to believe that the resumption of security aid would not occur until there was a public statement from Ukraine committing to the investigations of the 2016 election and Burisma, as Mr. Giuliani had demanded."" Sondland explicitly stated that Trump was the driving force behind the demand for investigations. ""Mr. Giuliani was expressing the desires of the president of the United States, and we knew that these invest",politics
"Twitter is planning to ban political ads from its service globally, the company announced Wednesday via a series of tweets from its CEO Jack Dorsey. The ban will go into effect Nov. 22. Dorsey said the ban will cover ads about specific candidates and issues — the broadest possible ban. Some ads will be allowed to remain, including those encouraging people to vote. According to a Twitter spokesperson, news organizations are currently exempt from its rules on political advertising, and the company will release full details on exemptions next month. This is a major shift in policy for Twitter. Ahead of the 2016 election, the company sold new targeting options to campaigns and promoted hashtags ahead of the debates. But during the campaign, Twitter was beset by a misinformation campaign coordinated by a Kremlin-linked troll farm and even tried to sell Russia Today 15% of its US elections ad inventory. The company does not want a repeat this year. Twitter’s move comes as Facebook has faced heavy criticism for political ads, which permits candidates to lie according to a policy the company clarified earlier this month. CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his executives have defended this move by saying that they do not want the company to be arbiter of truth, and instead will allow the public and media to assess the truth of claims. “While I worry about an erosion of truth, I don’t think most people want to live in a world where you can only post things that tech companies judge to be 100% true,” Zuckerberg said in a speech earlier this month at Georgetown University. The policy has sparked a backlash from presidential candidates including Elizabeth Warren — who ran a false Facebook ad to underscore what she saw as the policy’s absurdity — and some of the social network’s own employees, who have circulated a letter decrying the decision and suggested their own changes. In his Twitter thread, Dorsey took a swipe at Facebook's policy, noting that it is not credible to say ""We’re workin",tech
"Sahara Desert winds that blasted Europe last month, concentrated in a five-day heat wave that left people sweltering, made it the hottest-ever June for the continent — and the world. ""We are likely to see more of these events in the future due to climate change,"" said Jean-Noël Thépaut of the Copernicus Climate Change Service in a statement about the record-breaking heat. Temperatures soared as high as 114 degrees Fahrenheit (45.5 degrees Celsius) in France during the heat wave at the end of June that forced the closure of thousands of schools and had people swimming in the fountains near the Eiffel Tower. The heat wave was enough to make June top the past global record holder for warmest one, topping June 2016, according to the climate service of the European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts. “We knew June was hot in Europe,"" University of Reading hydrology professor Hannah Cloke told the Independent, ""but this study shows that temperature records haven’t just been broken — they have been obliterated."" Temperatures averaged 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit hotter than normal across Europe last month, with the height of the heat wave from June 25 to June 29. The blast came during the quarter finals of the Women's World Cup in soccer, attracting world attention. French meteorologist Ruben Hallali noted the weather pattern's resemblance to ""The Scream"" in a tweet a few days ahead of the heat wave. More-intense heat waves are a long-predicted effect of man-made climate change, and scientists from the World Weather Attribution climate service said earlier this week that the June one in France was made five times more likely by global warming. It will be weeks before officials determine the “excess mortality” from the heat wave, i.e., the unanticipated deaths from heat stroke and other effects, according to that report. Although the temperatures have dropped in Europe, becoming more like those of a normal summer, weather forecasters have now turned their eyes to Alaska, w",science
"—in a speech to the Ohio Arts Council, 1981 —a speech at Portland State University, 1975 —Song of Solomon —Oprah magazine, 2003 —Jazz —Nobel Prize speech, 1993 “There is no time for despair, no place for self-pity, no need for silence, no room for fear. We speak, we write, we do language. That is how civilizations heal.” 

—the Nation, 2015 “It was a fine cry — loud and long — but it had no bottom and it had no top, just circles and circles of sorrow.” —Sula “I’m writing to, about, and for other black people. And if it’s good enough, it will be read by and appreciated by people who are not African-Americans. That’s the simple way to put it. But the point is, I just thought we were interesting.” —Granta, 2017 “If you can only be tall because someone else is on their knees, then you have a serious problem. And white people have a very, very serious problem.”
—Charlie Rose, 1998 “The title of Ralph Ellison’s book was Invisible Man. And the question for me was ‘Invisible to whom?’ Not to me.” —the New Yorker, 2003 “Whatever the work is, do it well—not for the boss but for yourself.” —the New Yorker, 2017 “What I'm interested in is writing without the gaze, without the white gaze.” —the New York Times Magazine, 2017 “Love is or it ain’t. Thin love ain’t love at all.” —Beloved “I was loose!” –The Pieces I Am documentary, 2019 “Freeing yourself was one thing; claiming ownership of that freed self was another.” —Beloved “It is sheer good fortune to miss somebody long before they leave you.” —Sula “And she was loved!” —Song of Solomon",reader
"Becoming a parent is a life-changing experience, and a lot of times it inspires people to be better versions of themselves. Maybe becoming a parent motivated you to finally follow your passion. Or maybe becoming a parent made you realize you wanted to go back to school. Perhaps having a kid pushed you to do something you've always wanted to do. We want to know how becoming a parent has changed you for the better! Share your stories and photos with us and you could be featured in an upcoming BuzzFeed Community post!",health
"Pete Buttigieg has not been central to any of the Democratic presidential debates so far this year. That's likely to change tonight. Buttigieg — the South Bend mayor who rose from more-or-less nowhere this past spring, slipped back a bit in the summer, and now looks like a front-runner for the Iowa caucuses — is coming into the fifth primary debate amid a resurgence. The top three national polling leaders have been consistent for months: Joe Biden, followed by Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders. Buttigieg is now explicitly arguing that he should be considered right up there with them, in one instance even saying he's now part of a two-person race with Warren. The debate is also being held in Atlanta, a city with a strong black population, days after another state poll (this one in South Carolina) shows Buttigieg getting 0% support from black voters. If this is going to be a debate where Buttigieg cements his rise, he's got a lot of pressure on him to prove why voters outside Iowa should hear him out. And for the first time in one of these debates, nine other candidates will have an incentive to focus specifically on keeping Buttigieg down. It's been obvious for months that some of Buttigieg's competitors don't love the idea that they're being outshone by a 37-year-old mayor of a city with a population of just over 100,000. (Biden and Kamala Harris in particular took issue with Buttigieg's ""two-way"" race comment.) Buttigieg has been game to go after other candidates in debates so far — he spent a good deal of the last one attacking Warren over her health care policy, particularly on how she'd fund Medicare for All (she now has a proposal for how to do that). The things to watch for are how other candidates decide to push back against Buttigieg's rise, who'll be the candidate(s) to do it, and how Buttigieg'll respond. In the top group, Biden appears the most likely to try go after Buttigieg, for a few reasons (including Sanders and Warren generally trying to avoid st",politics
"A peak porn industry body has hit back at an Australian government proposal to scan the faces of people accessing adult websites to try and prevent children from watching porn. The Eros Association said a proposal to verify the ages of people accessing porn sites by comparing scans of their faces against a government facial recognition database would create an easy target for hackers. ""My fear would be people’s privacy,"" Eros general manager Rachel Payne told BuzzFeed News. ""What information could be captured by hacking someone’s records? The Department of Home Affairs would argue there’s no possibility. But our census has been hacked before, so who knows what could happen."" ""It will be interesting to see how many politicians are looking at porn. And I think they would have some interesting fetishes,"" she added. The Department of Home Affairs put forward the proposal in its submission to a parliamentary inquiry looking at age verification on online gambling and porn sites. It suggested its Facial Verification Service could be used to cross-check a photograph of a person's face against stored images from other ID. This could prevent the use of fake or stolen IDs to access online pornographic or gambling websites, the department wrote, giving the example of a kid ""using their parent’s driver licence"". The department wrote that the facial verification technology was ""primarily designed to prevent identity crime"" but that it supported increased use of it ""across the Australian economy to strengthen age verification processes"". Legislation permitting the use of the Facial Verification Service to catch identity crime was rejected earlier this month by a bipartisan parliamentary committee, citing privacy concerns. The UK nixed a similar age verifying plan earlier this month, although the proposal didn’t specify using facial recognition for verification. ""I was under the impression that the face scanning was to protect people’s identity and to stop terrorism,"" Payne said. """,tech
"Some saw it as black and blue, while others saw it as white and gold. Hilarity ensued, friendships ended, and the internet broke. Good times. A team of New York University scientists think they know how to re-create the optical illusion behind that drama. But they need your help. There's no right answer...but some are more right than others. Now here comes the science part. Thanks! We'll have an explanation for this effect soon — and tell you if the numbers the science team predicted match the results. Remember The Dress?",science
"Celebrated author Toni Morrison, the acclaimed American novelist who became the first black woman to win the Nobel Prize in literature, died Monday. “We are profoundly sad to report that Toni Morrison has died at the age of 88,” said her publisher Knopf on Tuesday morning. According to a statement released by the Morrison family, Morrison passed away surrounded by her loved ones Monday night after a ""short illness"" that was not specified. ""She was an extremely devoted mother, grandmother, and aunt who reveled in being with her family and friends,"" her family said. ""The consummate writer who treasured the written word, whether her own, her students, or others, she read voraciously and was most at home when writing."" Sonny Mehta, the editor-in-chief and chair of the Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group, said he could ""think of few writers in American letters who wrote with more humanity or with more love for language than Toni.” ""Her narratives and mesmerizing prose have made an indelible mark on our culture. Her novels command and demand our attention,"" Mehta said. ""They are canonical works, and more importantly, they are books that remain beloved by readers.” Though she wrote many essays, Morrison was best known for her novels, including her first, The Bluest Eye, which took the literary world by storm in 1970 and led to other works such as Song of Solomon, Sula, and Tar Baby. Morrison’s Beloved, which was considered by some to be her magnum opus, won the writer the highly coveted Pulitzer Prize in fiction in 1988. The work was adapted for the big screen in 1998 in a film helmed by Jonathan Demme and starring Oprah Winfrey, Danny Glover, Thandie Newton, and Kimberly Elise. She was awarded the Nobel Prize in literature in 1993 in recognition of her entire writing career, becoming the first black woman to receive that prestigious honor. Morrison, whose birth name was Chloe Anthony Wofford, was born in Lorain, Ohio, in February of 1931. A lifelong reader, the legendary aut",reader
,health
"If you’re following the news these days, you’ll notice that a high percentage is about the New York Times — the headlines, the opinions, the tweets, the deeper question of what it is to cover the news straight in a twisted time. But it’s also striking how little is understood, off 8th Avenue, about the source of the Times’ occasional meshugas. Critics tend to imagine heated debates along the lines of ”How can we stop Donald Trump?” or “How can we make sure we hear from both sides?” In truth, the issue that dominates newsroom chatter these days is the beginning of an old-fashioned internal succession contest, featuring big personalities and decisions about the future of the most important news organization in the world. Indeed, some of what sometimes seems like Times’ defiance of its audience — its pride in the work of Bret Stephens, or its caution in calling Trump “racist” — is as much about the tensions over what the paper will become as it is about any explicit stance today. Those questions about the future are playing out in the beginnings of an intense but decorous (that is, Timesian) campaign to replace Executive Editor Dean Baquet, whose retirement, per Times tradition, is due before his 66th birthday, in September 2022. Baquet laid out some of the pressures in a recent interview with the Guardian: Young staffers who “want a more political New York Times than I’m willing to give them” and empowered subscribers who are paying for the paper to “take a full-bodied side” against Donald Trump — and whose interest might depend on that. The decision whether to accommodate those pressures, or to resist them, is ultimately up to the publisher, A.G. Sulzberger. And the campaign for the top job is expressed, right now, primarily by the three leading candidates leading their sections in slightly different directions. “A lot of what you’re seeing right now is people are trying out and trying to impress the boss,” one top Times person told me. I’m probably a bit of an odd p",politics
"An American website that pumped out uncorroborated articles about Canadian politics during the federal election campaign was allowed to promote its content via paid ads on Facebook despite the fact that its articles have been repeatedly deemed false by news organizations, including by one of Facebook's own fact-checking partners. This kind of contradiction — possible because political ads aren’t subject to the same fact-checking as nonpolitical ads — was singled out by Facebook employees in a scathing letter to CEO Mark Zuckerberg made public this week. “Misinformation shared by political advertisers has an outsized detrimental impact on our community,” stated the letter, signed by more than 250 employees, according to a report in the New York Times. “Our current policies on fact checking people in political office, or those running for office, are a threat to what FB stands for.” Under heavy criticism since 2016, Facebook has spent years investing in fact-checking to combat viral falsehoods. But that work risks being “undone” by a policy that allows users to pay to promote the very false claims Facebook claims to be combatting, the letter says. “Free speech and paid speech are not the same thing,” the letter states. “Misinformation affects us all .. [It] has the potential to increase distrust in our platform by allowing similar paid and organic content to sit side-by-side … It communicates that we are OK profiting from deliberate misinformation campaigns by those in or seeking positions of power.” In the final week before the Oct. 21 election, the Buffalo Chronicle paid to promote a story about Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s alleged activities during undergraduate university, citing a single anonymous source. The week before, it placed an ad for its debunked story that claimed Trudeau had paid more than $2 million to suppress a report about sexual misconduct. That story, and another alleging Trudeau was in settlement talks with the person making the allegation, wa",tech
"“Forever chemicals” linked to cancer are turning up in farm produce across the country, leading farms to lay off workers, incinerate cranberry harvests, kill cows, and dump thousands of gallons of dairy milk. Such long-lived ""fluorinated"" compounds have been measured in the drinking water in over 600 locations in 43 states, near factories or military bases that use them in firefighting foams. Best known as PFAS chemicals (short for per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances), they line numerous waterproof consumer goods, from hiking shoes to pizza boxes. Now their emergence in farm produce has spurred state and federal agencies to ramp up efforts to test for the chemicals in a wider variety of foods, and to fund studies to track how the chemicals enter the food supply. In June, the FDA announced the results of its first tests for PFAS compounds in supermarket staples, including cooked meat, fruit, and iced chocolate cake. The health agency said it did not see a “food safety risk” in its sampling and did not find PFAS chemicals in most foods. But it did report PFAS in milk and produce that had been farmed near polluted locations. While researchers at the National Institutes of Health and CDC are still studying the health effects of the chemicals, some are known to hinder growth and learning in children, lower chances of pregnancy, and increase the risk of cancer. Farmers, meanwhile, are already reeling. “They’ve ruined us,” Fred Stone, a Maine farmer who stopped selling milk after PFAS chemicals turned up in it in 2016, told BuzzFeed News. At his Stoneridge Farm in Arundel, the suspected source is PFAS-laced sludge that Stone had spread on his fields as fertilizer, a practice the state has permitted many farms to do. The milk tested at 690 parts per trillion for PFAS, nearly 10 times the Environmental Protection Agency's guidelines for two of the chemicals. More than two years on, Stone and his wife still take care of their remaining 60 cows but can’t sell their milk. Stone",science
"In the last few minutes of the first episode of Years and Years, the BBC and HBO miniseries created by Russell T. Davies, the world is about to end. Or so it seems. President Donald Trump has just launched a nuclear weapon at a fictional island off the coast of mainland China. The Lyons family, a diverse group of Manchester-based Brits, is celebrating matriarch Muriel’s birthday when sirens fill the air, and every channel on television is set to the same chilling broadcast announcing imminent nuclear doom. No one knows what to do. Muriel (played by Anne Reid), her grandchildren, and her great-grandchildren start panicking — What happens next? — while struck motionless in Muriel’s living room. It’s only Daniel (the lovely Russell Tovey), Muriel’s most softhearted grandchild, who bursts out of the house and gets into his car, refusing to heed his husband’s cries of protest. Daniel abandons his family in the throes of unfolding chaos and speeds to the facility he manages as a housing officer, where a handsome Ukrainian refugee, Victor (Maxim Baldry), is waiting for him. Outside Victor’s small temporary shelter, there’s screaming and looting and smashing and the quickening spread of fire; inside, he and Daniel have wild, desperate sex as if it’s the very last thing they’ll ever do. But it isn’t. Somehow, the worst has happened — nuclear warfare — and yet the world keeps on turning, inhabited by people who just keep on living. The brilliance of Years and Years, and its uncanny, heart-pounding horror, is how incredibly close this all feels — not only because the timeline kicks off practically in the present and then unfolds throughout our immediate future (5, 10, 15, 20 years from now), but because we can experience this terrifying near future through the perspectives of a cross-class, multiracial family. Years and Years is a sometimes sweet, sometimes schlock family drama injected with increasing levels of full-blown sci-fi dystopia. Where I’ve felt alienated in the past",reader
"H/T: /r/OSHA This emergency exit that goes to nowhere: This fire extinguisher that was last inspected over 25 years ago: This cardboard BOX OF NEEDLES waiting to be disposed of: This emergency phone that politely asks for you not to have an emergency near it: This worksite entrance which is just two wooden boards and about 10 rusty bent nails: This new hire just casually walking around the job site: This smoke detector with the plastic packaging still on it: This entire situation that I'd like to hose down with a fire extinguisher: This Permabond that you definitely don't want to mix up with the eye drops right next to it!!!!! This fire escape that looks like a really hard video game level: This combo of beard and saw. YIKES. This nail that should be much farther away from this person's head than it currently is: These fake bolts that were GLUED TO A FOUNDATION: This shelf covering up the emergency defibrillator: This telephone pole that looks completely and totally architecturally sound: This filter that practically screams ""fire hazard"": This hot mess that's honestly frightening: This outlet turned water fountain: Oh, and this doorstop with a nail sticking out of it. Nothing wrong here, right?",health
"Pete Buttigieg was struggling to be taken seriously as a first-time candidate for office in September 2010. So with the tea party taking off, the then-28-year-old unknown running for Indiana state treasurer showed up at a South Bend church for a Meet the Candidates Night hosted by two groups aligned with the populist, conservative, Barack Obama–bashing movement that would power the next decade of Republican politics. “I have to admit, as a Democrat, many of my friends and supporters looked at me as if I was absolutely nuts when I suggested that I would be coming tonight to speak with a group that’s often identified as the tea party,” Buttigieg said as he stared down from the pulpit. “There are some, especially in my party, who think that the tea party is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Republican Party,” he continued. “But there are many others who believe that the tea party is motivated by real concerns about the direction of our government, and the responsiveness of our government to citizens, and above all the frustration with business as usual. That is what motivated me to run. And so while we may come from often very different perspectives, I believe we might find that we have a lot in common on that front.” Buttigieg lost the 2010 treasurer’s race but won the first of two terms as South Bend’s mayor the following year. Now, from that small-town springboard, he’s a surprisingly strong Democratic candidate for president — polls show he’s emerged as a frontrunner in Iowa, the first caucus state — trying to establish himself as a label-defying moderate. A campaign that grabbed attention early on with big lefty ideas (abolishing the electoral college, expanding the Supreme Court) has lately embraced more centrist vibes (Medicare for all who want it). And Buttigieg’s recent judgment about the “failures of the old normal” has been interpreted, despite his protests, as a subtle rebuke of the Obama years and, by extension, Joe Biden, Obama’s vice president and Buttigi",politics
"If you're someone who tends to add ~flavor~ to your texts with emojis, then you'll be pretty pleased to know Emojipedia just announced there are new emojis now available with the latest iPhone update! iOS 13.2 was released today, and it brings 398 new emojis, so you already know that you're gonna have tons of new faves. There are so many great ones — like the yawning face, the ringed planet, the blood drop, and more! The update also comes with increased diversity and inclusion like people of mixed skin tones holding hands. In fact, there's a feature now that allows you to mix and match two people and select their skin tones. The new emojis also include gender-neutral designs... ...as well as people using white canes... ...motorized wheelchairs... ...and also hearing aids. For the foodies, there are now emojis for garlic, onions, mate drink, falafel, waffles, butter, apple juice, and ice cubes. 🤤 Plus, there are now more animals: including the guide dog, service dog, orangutan, otter, sloth, flamingo, skunk, and oyster. Long story short: You should update your phone, like, ASAP so you can start using all these great new emojis!",tech
"David Latchman, a leading geneticist and one of the highest-paid university leaders in the UK, was last year found responsible for failing to properly supervise a lab in which widespread scientific fraud occurred over many years. Two investigation reports found data falsification in a total of nine scientific papers published by members of a lab Latchman ran at University College London, according to documents released to BuzzFeed News under a Freedom of Information request. Latchman did not have direct involvement in the manipulation and reuse of images to falsify scientific results, investigators found. But both reports faulted Latchman for his “failure to manage the laboratory appropriately.” This, together with his involvement as an author on the papers, amounted to “recklessness ... which facilitated the misconduct in research.” Both reports decided that his behavior qualified as misconduct. The documents also show that an earlier panel of UCL investigators in 2015 found “prima facie evidence of research misconduct” in another eight scientific papers. “In light of the seriousness of the matter,” that report concluded, “the Panel considered that the matter should be referred directly to UCL’s relevant disciplinary process or other internal process and bypass the Formal Investigation stage.” Yet in neither 2015 nor 2018 did Latchman face any punishment. “Two separate disciplinary processes into Professor Latchman found that were was no deliberate intention to commit misconduct in research and, therefore, there were insufficient grounds for dismissal,” UCL said in a statement released with the documents Monday. Another scientist involved had already left UCL, the university said, so UCL wasn’t able to take disciplinary action against them either. The fact that UCL took five years to investigate the allegations, and then issued no disciplinary sanctions against anyone despite widespread evidence of scientific fraud, will add to lawmakers’ concerns that Britain’s un",science
"When Rhys Ernst’s directorial debut, Adam — adapted by Ariel Schrag from her 2014 novel of the same name — premiered at Sundance this past January, the film got good-to-great reviews. The Hollywood Reporter called it “sweetly subversive.” According to Film Inquiry, Adam is a “surprisingly hilarious, complicated look at a pivotal moment in queer culture.” That praise extended from more mainstream press to LGBTQ outlets; a reviewer at Out magazine wrote that “Adam is one of those films that works well, both as a learning lesson and a conversation starter for transgender issues.” But now, weeks before it’s scheduled to hit New York and Los Angeles theaters in mid-August, Adam has accrued an abysmal 1.7/10 rating on IMDb, multiple Change.org petitions are calling for its release to be canceled, and hundreds of posts across Instagram and Twitter have demanded that we #BoycottAdam. Adam, from the beginning, was bound to court controversy. Schrag’s novel and her adaptation tell the story of an awkward teenage boy, who’s straight and cisgender, during the summer before his senior year of high school. The titular Adam (Nicholas Alexander) moves in with his cool older sister, Casey (Margaret Qualley), a college student and a lesbian. It’s 2006, and Adam is swept up in Casey’s joyous, chaotic, and complicated world in New York City, one in which young queer and trans people are riding on the shifting tides of love, sex, and identity. One night, at a party, Adam starts talking to Gillian (Bobbi Salvör Menuez). Hours after they’ve begun awkwardly hitting it off, Adam realizes that Gillian thinks he’s trans. Presumably, as a lesbian, she wouldn’t be into dating a cis guy, but even though she’s never dated trans men before, she says she’s completely open to it. In that first moment, Adam decides not to correct her misconception, and for the rest of the summer he’ll keep deciding not to. Director Rhys Ernst, 36, who is himself trans, was well aware when taking on this project that ",reader
"—u/TheDurtyBubble —u/mrgarrison16 —u/pegleghippie —u/AnItalianboi —u/puppylawson —u/CloroxBreath —u/dulcian_ —u/SamanthasBlondeLover —u/work_accnt —u/squidneyboi —u/HappyGiraffe —u/_DustDevil_ —u/TheLegendOfEatingAss —u/norris528e —u/bgotseoul —u/Ludee27 —u/SirRamen2000 Answers have been edited for length and/or clarity. Recently, Reddit user u/drgamecubed asked middle school sex-ed teachers to share the funniest and best questions students have asked them. Here are some of our favorites: ""One girl had asked if she should see a doctor because she was worried about being pregnant after grinding too much at a junior high dance."" ""'What do I do if I get an erection in school?' My response: 'Sit down.'"" ""So if I'm gay, do I still have to go through puberty?"" ""My friend asked the teacher if putting semen on a wound would help it heal."" ""Can you get an STI from someone if you TRULY love them?"" ""We were talking about the LGBTQ community and one of my classmates yelled out, 'What is that? A television network?'"" ""When informed that the volume of ejaculate is about a teaspoon, one boy did the math in his head and shouted, 'There's 96 orgasms to a pint!'"" ""I took a sex-ed class in the south, so they teach abstinence. The teacher gave the stats of all the different types of birth control and their percentages of preventing pregnancies. She then asked the class, 'What is the only method of contraceptive that prevents pregnancies 100% of the time? I’ll give you a hint, it starts with A.' A couple moments of silence go by, then a kid behind me says, 'Anal!'"" ""I had a classmate ask, 'If it feels so good, why do people scream?' Solid question indeed."" ""In my middle school sex-ed class, this kid asked, 'What’s the plural of penis? Penises or penii?'"" ""Who is supposed to blow during a blow job?"" ""A teenaged girl didn't know how to pronounce 'vagina.' She said 'va-gee-na.'"" ""Can you tie the foreskin in a knot and use it like a condom?"" ""If a woman has a threesome while she has an STD,",health
"In an interview Monday night with MSNBC host Chris Matthews, California Rep. Eric Swalwell appeared to...well, rip an absolutely enormous fart. ""Chris, so far the evidence is uncontradicted that the president used taxpayer dollars to help him cheat an election,"" he said from the Capitol. The Democrat, who sits on the House Intelligence Committee, appeared to react to the fart with a brief pause, while attempting not to smile. As the clip of Swalwell quickly circulated on the internet, some began to speculate that the California representative was the one behind the loud flatulence. But in a text to BuzzFeed News on Monday night, Swalwell denied having anything to do with it. ""It was not me!!!!!"" he wrote. ""Ha. And I didn't hear it when I was speaking."" Pressed by this reporter, Swalwell denied again having heard the fart, before adding, ""It's funny tho."" MSNBC did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The show, Hardball, where Swalwell appeared did however post this cryptic yet not so subtle subtweet about the ongoing mystery. The tweet was deleted within a few minutes. The show later tried to explain the sound on Twitter saying it was all a ""mug scraping across the desk."" Swalwell responded to the show's tweet, claiming in all caps: ""TOTAL EXONERATION!""   ",politics
"At the very first panel of a brand new event hoping to bring the Australian internet community together, the mood was flat. Speakers representing digital rights groups and businesses in the technology sector sounded bruised, not energised, as they reflected on how they felt ignored by the government in their efforts to shape recent internet policy in Australia. “We’ve felt excluded from the conversation,” Digital Rights Watch board member Lizzie O’Shea told the room. “We often lobby to what feels like no effect.” Another speaker lamented Australia's lack of ""tech billionaires"" and blamed a lack of resources. The panels were part of the inaugural NetThing, an event that organisers hoped would fill the vacuum left by the Australian Internet Governance Forum which last ran in 2016. More than 150 people from across community, private and government sectors attended the forum, which was created to facilitate ""robust Australia-based Internet policy exploration and discussion"" on themes of governance, inclusion, security and the rise of digital platforms. Organisers noted this year marks three decades since Australia joined the global internet via a trans-Pacific link from Hawaii. “The internet is pervasive and it’s in all of our lives whether we like it or not,” said NetThing chair Sandra Davey. “There are complex challenges and opportunities and they’re too complex for single entities, organisations or even governments to solve.” Speakers from the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFAT) and the Department of Communication participated in the day’s events, including running a feedback session which would inform Australia’s position on cyber norms for international negotiations. Despite this, many panellists and audience members were openly sceptical of government’s willingness to listen to civil society groups and industry. “Policy making is conducted by government and there are key stakeholders that they listen to,” O’Shea told BuzzFeed News after the panel. “And civic soci",tech
"Paris police teargassed protesters staging a sit-in to demand action on climate change at point-blank range Friday, on a day when temperatures in France topped 110 degrees. The protesters belong to the group Extinction Rebellion — XR for short. XR first made headlines in the UK in April, when it shut down major streets around London for more than a week to demand a response to global warming. XR groups have organized across Europe since then, using civil disobedience to try to push lawmakers to respond to the threat of climate change. The protesters gassed in Paris on Friday had reportedly blockaded the Sully Bridge, a major crossing of the Seine River not far from Notre Dame. Pictures and videos of the police’s actions quickly spread across Twitter, with many activists expressing outrage at the severity of the response. Paris is in the grips of a heat wave that has spread across Europe, shattering heat records across the continent. Paris reached a high of 93 degrees today, while the temperatures soared to over 113 degrees in France’s southern region of Provence. French President Emmanuel Macron campaigned heavily on a commitment to address global warming, and this week said he would not sign a joint statement from the G-20 meeting if it did not address climate change. But some environmental groups have accused him of not doing enough to deliver on those commitments. In December, he also suspended a new gas tax in response to the Yellow Vest protests that shook French politics. Cécile Duflot, a former French ecology minister and current executive director of Oxfam France, tweeted that the video of the protesters being teargassed was a “France 2019 allegory,” noting that while activists were being mistreated, “the President swaggers at the G20.” Extinction Rebellion is part of a newer breed of environmental protest groups that have recently made climate change one of the most important political issues in Europe. It staged its London occupation after weeks of walkout",science
"If you can't see the sign-up box above, you can sign up here. I won't lie — I was first drawn to Buzz, Sting, Bite because of its beautiful cover, but I was taken in from the first page. Anne Sverdrup-Thygeson writes playfully and accessibly about the world of insects — where they live, how they thrive, what we can learn from them, why they're so necessary — and I found myself unable to stop reading, nudging my husband awake with weird facts about the sex lives of these tiny creatures. (Did you know that the aquatic insect known as the male water boatman turns his body into a violin to attract his mates, ""using his abdomen as a string and his penis as a bow""? I'm sorry to say you do now.) This book is fascinating, so fun, and perfect for when you're looking for a break from heady fiction. –Arianna Rebolini Get it from Amazon for $24.38 or Barnes & Noble for $25.11. Calling all horoscope-lovers — this book is for YOU! Star-Crossed by Minnie Darke is an enchanting read that follows not only two protagonists but also a whole slew of characters you'll find yourself surprisingly invested in. Whether you define yourself by your astrological sign or don't even know if you're a Taurus or a Scorpio, this book will capture your attention and keep you entertained from the first page to the last. The main characters are Justine (Sagittarius, hopeful journalist, astrology skeptic) and Nick (Aquarius, swears by his stars, starving actor) who grew up together in a small town. Sparks flew between them when they were teens, but then Nick moved away and they never heard or saw from one another ... until now. You'll love following along with Justine's antics as she abuses her position at a local magazine by meddling with Nick's monthly horoscope in hopes of guiding him into her own arms. Except — Nick isn't the only Aquarius taking advice from his horoscope. Woven between each chapter is a variety of other Aquariuses who either fully believe in horoscopes or read it by chance and take",reader
"This is Blair Braverman, an author and professional musher (aka sled dog racer) living and training in Alaska. Blair and her team of speedy sled doggos made headlines earlier this year when she wrote adorable bios for each and every one of them. Ya know, so people could get to know them before they raced in the Iditarod, no big deal. 💁🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕 And now, Blair and her pups are making headlines yet again — but this time, for a Twitter thread with an extremely wholesome lesson in body positivity!!! In the thread, Blair shares how having sled dogs has helped her develop a healthier body image. And honestly? The whole thing is just so, SO wholesome: Well put, Blair and Co. Well put!!! 💖💖💖",health
"Former New York City mayor Mike Bloomberg apologized on Sunday for the stop-and-frisk policing that peaked during his mayoralty and predominately impacted the city's minority communities. Current New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio is not really buying the apology. “It’s hard to believe when his approach has been proven wrong so many times and in so many ways,” de Blasio told BuzzFeed News in a phone interview Sunday night. Bloomberg's apology comes as he's considering a late entrance into the Democratic presidential primary, after filing to appear on the ballot in two states in recent weeks. De Blasio ran in the primary earlier this year, before ending his campaign in the fall. “He was wrong because he never listened. He didn’t even acknowledge the validity of concerns, again as part of his often haughty nature. He was wrong because the rift that was created was totally counterproductive and was hurting any potential for partnership between police and community,” de Blasio said. At a Brooklyn church on Sunday, Bloomberg said he was ""wrong"" for relying on stop-and-frisk policing, in which NYPD officers stop and pat-down people they determined to be suspicious. And he apologized for the impacts the stops had on the city's minority communities. “Our focus was on saving lives,” Bloomberg said. “But the fact is, far too many innocent people were being stopped while we tried to do that. And the overwhelming majority of them were black and Latino. That may have included, I’m sorry to say, some of you here today, perhaps yourself, or your children, or your grandchildren, or your neighbors or your relatives.” De Blasio said the timing Bloomberg's apology had an ""obvious convenience."" “If he had said something while he was still mayor, if he had said something in the aftermath of his mayoralty, if he had said something after my first year or my second year when we got rid of it and drove down crime, that would’ve been a natural point to say, ‘uncle,’ you know? It’s like, ‘You",politics
"Hate speech that targeted Bengali Muslims in the Indian state of Assam has spread on Facebook, even as the country’s government launched a controversial program to crack down on people immigrating illegally, a new report claims. The report, titled “Megaphone for Hate,” was released Monday evening by Avaaz, a nonprofit activism network that works on issues like human rights around the world. Comments and posts that called Bengali Muslims “pigs,” “terrorists,” “dogs,” “rapists,” and “criminals,” — seemingly in violation of Facebook’s standards on hate speech — were shared nearly 100,000 times and viewed at least 5.4 million times, showed the Avaaz review, which covered 800 Facebook posts related to Assam. As of September, Facebook had removed just 96 of the 213 posts and comments that the organization reported, including calls to poison Hindu girls to prevent Muslims from raping them. On Aug. 31, the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi left nearly 2 million people in Assam — mostly Muslims — off a list of citizens, with the goal of reducing illegal immigration from the neighboring Muslim-majority country of Bangladesh. The move effective left them stateless. Critics have accused India’s government of using the program to crack down on Muslims, calling it an “ethnic purge.” In 2018, Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party promised to take the program beyond Assam. Earlier this year, Amit Shah, the party’s president, called undocumented immigrants “termites.” The program has raised global concerns, including from the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, which said in a statement in July that the rise of hate speech directed against people facing statelessness in Assam could have “destabilising effects.” According to the Avaaz report, one place that hate speech occurs is Facebook — and the site doesn’t do enough to stop it. “Facebook is being used as a megaphone for hate, pointed directly at vulnerable minorities in Assam, many of whom could be made stateles",tech
"WASHINGTON — The young protesters who have increasingly become the face of an urgent new movement to combat the climate crisis rattled the Democratic Party’s central institution this week, camping out on the steps of its headquarters and sending jitters through its senior staff ranks. About a dozen protesters in black T-shirts stood vigil Tuesday and Wednesday night outside the Democratic National Committee’s headquarters, and more than a hundred watched the debate on a screen outside the locked Washington institution. “We need to show people we’re willing to sacrifice our time, to sleep on brick floors for this cause,” said Juliana Rossi de Camargo, a 25-year-old fellow with the Sunrise Movement. “This is an emergency.” In Miami, where the DNC’s senior staff gathered for the first Democratic debate, party staff sent an urgent email to campaigns warning them against their supporters disrupting the debate itself. The email was aimed, a Democratic source said, at Washington Gov. Jay Inslee, who had invited young climate activists to attend the debate as his guests. “Should there be any disruptions in the hall and the individual(s) involved are identified as invited guests of a campaign, the time lost to the disruption will be taken out of the candidate’s already limited time,” the email warned. “Please communicate this with your invited guests.” (Any changes in speaking time during the debate itself would be set by NBC News, the host of Wednesday night's event, not the DNC.) Inslee’s campaign said it had no such plans, and the debate proceeded without disruption. “We’re going to be making sure that the 2020 [candidates] will take the climate crisis seriously,” said Alexandria Villaseñor, a New York City eighth grader who founded the group Earth Uprising and attended the debate as Inslee’s guest. Back at the DNC, the activist crowd erupted into cheers every time climate was mentioned during the debate. It happened when Sen. Elizabeth Warren briefly mentioned climate in",science
"The Cannes Film Festival has been an adoring showcase for Quentin Tarantino ever since he was anointed with the big prize, the Palme d'Or, for Pulp Fiction in 1994. That only made the discomfort of his tense exchange with New York Times reporter Farah Nayeri at this year's event more telling. Tarantino's latest film, Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, made its world premiere at the festival in May, where it received a six-minute standing ovation. The filmmaker and his cast were holding court at the subsequent press conference when Nayeri pressed Tarantino about why the movie’s woman lead, Margot Robbie (playing real-life Manson family murder victim Sharon Tate), had so little dialogue in the shaggy 1960s-set showbiz comedy. ""This is a person with great acting talent, and yet you haven’t given her many lines in the movie,"" Nayeri said, citing Robbie's roles in I, Tonya and The Wolf of Wall Street. ""I guess that was a deliberate choice on your part. And I just wanted to know why that was that we don’t hear her speak that much."" Tarantino didn't reply to Nayeri so much as refuted her whole line of questioning. ""Well, I just reject your hypotheses,"" he said, leaving Robbie to smooth over the awkward moment by speaking about the challenge of playing a character who’s mostly by herself in her biggest scenes. It was, to be fair, an oddly phrased question. Tarantino didn't write the script around the cast; Once Upon a Time features a range of famous faces in much smaller roles than Robbie's; and even with a writer as verbose as Tarantino, counting lines is not a surefire way to measure the quality of a part. But his curtness in dismissing the concerns of a woman journalist (dredging up memories of his painfully testy exchange with critic Jan Wahl in 2003) made the exchange explode across the internet. And it reignited a conversation that's dogged the director for years and that has, post-#MeToo, risen in volume: As a filmmaker, is Tarantino bad to — or for — women? Because he's",reader
" Emily — a pseudonym to protect her privacy — and her husband were “thrilled” when she fell pregnant soon after trying for their second child. “We were looking forward to her arrival,” the now 33-year-old told BuzzFeed News. “I refer to her as a little girl and she has a name, but I understand she wasn’t technically a person.” Her name was Maya. When Emily went for a 12-week scan she was told her foetus was developing a “strange shaped head” and could possibly have a defect in the neural tube, the structure from which the brain and spinal cord form. “It was a really early stage to flag anything potentially being wrong but we thought we would keep going and see how she grows,” she said. “It turns out her problems became magnified.” A few weeks later Emily went in for a scan and the doctor recommended terminating the pregnancy as the foetus was not ""viable"". Emily said her decision was a ""no brainer"". ""She was really sick and it was unlikely that she would survive to term, but if she did she may have been born dead, died in the process or lived a short and painful life for a few days where she wouldn’t see life outside the hospital,"" Emily said. ""It would have been cruel to force her to live through that pain."" If you asked some politicians what happens next in these circumstances, you’d get a range of answers, some factual, some not. United States president Donald Trump has inaccurately stated late-term abortions allow for procedures that “rip the baby out of the womb” up to a day before birth, and has falsely claimed that doctors are “executing babies” after failed abortion attempts. Australian senator Cory Bernardi told parliament some women decide during a pregnancy they were previously ""celebrating"" that after “34 or 35 weeks” gestation they're going to have an abortion. Anti-abortion lobbyists in Australia have claimed decriminalising the procedure allows for “abortion at any stage of pregnancy for any reason” and like-minded activists in Ireland claimed abortio",health
"WASHINGTON — For more than six hours on Friday, members of Congress tried to get Marie Yovanovitch, the former ambassador to Ukraine, to cry. They asked her how it felt to be personally attacked by the president and the lawyer working for him, Rudy Giuliani; how it felt to be told she had to leave her post in Kyiv in the middle of the night; how the upheaval affected her family. Much of that came from Democrats, while Republicans chose a different tack — dismissing her testimony as irrelevant, passing her recall off as a mere human resources issue, suggesting that she, a three-time ambassador, should be happy because she landed on her feet with a teaching fellowship at Georgetown. On the second day of public hearings in the impeachment inquiry of President Donald Trump, Yovanovitch stood firm. In a transcript of her closed-door testimony, released last week, there’s an episode where she appears to get emotional. After her public appearance, it looks like they could have been tears of anger. Speaking with the heft of someone with 33 years of foreign service behind her, Yovanovitch issued a stark warning — that her removal, at the hands of a president influenced by corrupt Ukrainians and Americans, would set a dangerous precedent. “How could our system fail like this?” she asked Friday. “This is about far more than me or a couple of individuals. As foreign service professionals are being denigrated and undermined, the institution is also being degraded. This will soon cause real harm, if it hasn’t already.” There’s something about a woman standing up and speaking the truth in the face of an administration dogged by sexism. The comparisons flew fast and furious almost immediately as Yovanovitch began speaking — to Christine Blasey Ford, to Sally Yates. As members of the public inside the room stood up and applauded once Yovanvitch’s testimony was done, people started to call her a “shero.” Like clockwork, Trump — accused of rape, sexual assault, and sexual harassment —",politics
"Google executives misled their own employees last week when they said a former top Department of Homeland Security official who had recently joined the company was “not involved in the family separation policy,” government emails obtained under the Freedom of Information Act reveal. In fact, Miles Taylor, who served as deputy chief of staff and then chief of staff to former Homeland Security secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, was involved in high-level discussions about immigration enforcement, helping to shape the department’s narratives and talking points as one of Nielsen’s trusted lieutenants. As Nielsen’s deputy chief of staff, Taylor was included on some of the DHS secretary’s emails and privy to her events schedule, often prepping his boss with reports and talking points ahead of public appearances between April and June 2018, when the family separation policy was in effect. In one email obtained by BuzzFeed News, Taylor assisted Nielsen in preparing what he described as the “Protecting Children Narrative” — the department’s spin on a policy that horrified Americans when images of abandoned, caged migrant children in squalid camps emerged. Other emails from Nielsen’s events planner show that he had been scheduled to participate in at least two weekly calls to “discuss Border Security and Immigration Enforcement” in June 2018. Two former DHS officials dismissed Google’s claim that Taylor — who last month joined the company as a government affairs and public policy manager advising on national security issues — could have kept his hands clean from the policy. Nielsen’s staff had a very “tight inner camp” that included Taylor, said one former DHS official, who spoke to BuzzFeed News anonymously to preserve personal relationships. They noted that any policy or decision moving off the secretary’s desk would have had Taylor’s eyes on it. “The idea that you could disassociate from a policy that consumed the entire department while you were deputy chief of staff is ridiculo",tech
"As Democratic presidential candidates made their way to Miami this week for the first primary debate of the 2020 election, the city hit its highest temperature ever recorded and a wildfire burned through more than 17,000 acres of the Everglades. Communities across the Midwest are still recovering from an onslaught of floods and tornadoes in recent months. More Americans than ever before are worried about climate change, realizing it will soon directly harm them and their neighbors, if it hasn’t already. Which is why you'd think it's a no-brainer for Democrats to spend one of their presidential primary debates having a national conversation about the climate crisis. After all, every major Democrat vying for the presidential nomination — including frontrunner Joe Biden — thinks we should have a debate focused on climate change. So do an overwhelming majority of Democratic primary voters, according to new data, as do the country's leading environmental and activist groups, like the Sunrise Movement, Greenpeace USA, Credo Action, Friends of the Earth, and 350.org. Miami, the host city for the first debate, is staring down the barrel of 3 feet of sea level rise resulting from global warming. Yet our political and media establishment has failed spectacularly to give the climate crisis its due airtime: Only 1.5% of questions asked during the 2016 presidential primary debates were about climate change. The United Nations has told us, in no uncertain terms, that we have 10 years left to act to prevent worldwide ecological collapse, so a televised conversation among those vying to lead our country on the topic seems worthy of at least as much airtime as the birth of the royal baby. It’s a conversation worth having, because there are real differences among Democrats on how to approach the issue. Sure, nearly every candidate says they support the Green New Deal, but what that support actually means differs wildly from one candidate to the next. And big questions remain, like ho",science
"If you weren't one of the 66,000 people who paid anywhere from $50 to $75 to watch the livestream of the wedding between Jake Paul and Tana Mongeau earlier this week — or even if you have no idea who they are — there's still a pretty good chance you caught some of the less-than-glowing press coverage that followed. There was so much backlash partly because of why these two are famous to begin with: Jake Paul is Logan Paul’s brother, and a YouTube star in his own right, while Mongeau dated Bella Thorne and got her own MTV show, No Filter: Tana Turns 21, about...being a celebrity YouTuber. Paul and Mongeau have only been dating (or at least saying they’re dating) since April, so their engagement, announced last month, was greeted with lots of skepticism. The resulting wedding, a cheaply sponsored affair featuring Oprah and Bruno Mars impersonators and culminating in a big fight, did nothing to dispel widespread feelings that this was all a publicity stunt designed to promote Mongeau’s show. (Even Logan described his brother’s wedding as “preemptive,” which he seemed to think means premature.) Of course, some onlookers are merely annoyed because they suspect that being a YouTube star and getting on reality TV are scams requiring little talent. (See TanaCon.) But the chatter about the faux wedding — and its role in promoting Mongeau’s show — arguably also speaks to bigger questions and gendered anxieties about the ongoing intertwinement of fame, commerce, and identity. Announcing significant life events on social media is commonplace now. And yet as people (mostly women) of varying levels of celebrity collaborate with brands to monetize their engagements, pregnancy announcements, and weddings, mini backlashes occasionally erupt. (The staged engagement of influencer and blindingly white Goop employee Marissa Fuchs — which her boyfriend had pitched to potential sponsors months in advance — allegedly got her exiled from the industry for tackiness.) These controversies, how",reader
"Menstrual or ''moon'' cups are safe, cheap and result in similar, or lower, levels of leakage than disposable pads or tampons, the first systematic review and meta-analysis of the international use of the devices has found. Researchers at the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine in the UK conducted a study using data from 3,300 women and girls. They found around 70% of women wanted to continue using menstrual cups once they were familiar with how use them. The research, published today in The Lancet Public Health journal, found although there are 199 brands of menstrual cup, and cups are available in 99 countries, awareness is low — cups were only mentioned in 21 of 69 websites from 27 countries containing educational materials on puberty. Menstrual cups are inserted into the vagina where they collect blood flow, rather than absorbing it like tampons or pads. They are emptied every 4 to 12 hours. The shape and diameter of the cup and length of its stem varies, as does the material, which can be silicone, rubber, latex or elastomer. Researchers noted the cups can last up to 10 years. Globally, an estimated 1.9 billion women — around 26% of the population — were ofmenstruating age in 2017, spending on average 65 days in the year dealing with menstrual blood flow. Four studies within the review (involving 293 participants in total) compared leakage between different sanitary products, and found that levels were similar between menstrual cups and pads and tampons, while one found that leakage was significantly less. Researchers considered financial and environment costs and using accumulated estimates over 10 years, found purchase costs and waste from consistent use of a menstrual cup would be a ""small fraction of the purchase costs and waste of pads or tampons"". When compared with using 12 pads per period, use of a menstrual cup would comprise 5% of the purchase costs and 0·4% of the plastic waste. Compared with 12 tampons per period, use of a menstrual cup would comp",health
"KYIV — Late on Thursday, as I was stuck aboard a train traveling halfway across Ukraine, I sent messages over WhatsApp to a few sources to see whether they’d been following the impeachment investigation in Washington, and to hear their thoughts on the matter. Almost immediately the source I least expected to hear from wrote back. It was Konstantin Kilimnik, and he quickly launched into a profanity-laced diatribe, blasting the impeachment inquiry against President Donald Trump, arguing that a former National Security Council official who spoke about him during her testimony as part of the inquiry last month didn’t know what she was talking about, and claiming that special counsel Robert Mueller was all wrong about him. If you’re one of the seemingly few people who read Mueller’s full report, you may remember Kilimnik’s name. He’s Paul Manafort’s short and shadowy former business partner and fixer in Ukraine who the FBI said had ties to Russia’s military intelligence agency. You might also recognize Kilimnik as the person who Manafort associate Rick Gates told Mueller's team had pushed the CrowdStrike conspiracy theory. Kilimnik was indicted by Mueller’s grand jury in June 2018 on charges of obstruction of justice and conspiracy to obstruct justice. Sometime after that, the self-proclaimed dual Russian-Ukrainian citizen, fled to Moscow, beyond the reach of US authorities. (Asked about his current whereabouts, Kilimnik told me that was “nobody’s concern.”) The irate response from Kilimnik, a mercurial political operative who told me during our first in-person meeting in February 2017 that if he were “a real Russian spy,"" he ""would be in Russia,” came as somewhat of a surprise. He doesn’t typically speak to reporters. And until Thursday, he and I hadn’t spoken since this February. On at least two occasions before that, he got angry with me after comments he provided for my reporting landed him in hot water with his American and Ukrainian associates. But then again, base",politics
"Twitter suspended dozens of accounts critical of the Egyptian president without cause during rare anti-government demonstrations last month, according to new research. Wael Eskandar, an Egyptian researcher specializing in digital rights, found that Twitter had suspended accounts that tweeted words in Arabic like “whore” and “ass-kisser.” He contacted nearly 60 accounts tweeting in Arabic — primarily those belonging to Egyptians but including Egyptian Americans and others in the diaspora — who said their accounts were temporarily suspended around the time of the protests last month. Based on screenshots they shared with him, Eskandar determined about 30 had been suspended without cause. Twitter said the accounts had been suspended in error but did not elaborate. Rare demonstrations against Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi broke out in late September throughout the country. Egyptians used Twitter, Facebook, and other social media platforms to comment on the protests, though because these platforms are heavily monitored in Egypt, there were no signs of protesters actually using public social media platforms to organize the demonstrations. “Egypt is a completely repressive landscape. You cannot do anything in the street. Any journalist who writes objectively has no job — there are only outlets favorable to the government,” said Eskandar by phone. “The only place you can express your opinion is social media, where people are disagreeing or complaining.” “When social media platforms side with governments that want to shut people down, they’re contributing to oppression,” he said. Eskandar’s sample set, though small, represents the first accounting of a phenomenon many Egyptian Twitter users have pointed to — that Twitter suspended dozens of accounts for unclear reasons around the time of the demonstrations. The protests prompted a heavy crackdown by Egyptian authorities in which thousands of people were detained or arrested, according to human rights groups. Many o",tech
"A group that helps get scientists elected to office wants to host a climate debate among the Democratic presidential candidates, despite the Democratic National Committee warning candidates against participating in any issue-specific debates. 314 Action is putting $100,000 toward a debate and is looking for environmental group partners to help make this debate a reality as soon as this fall. “Climate change is an existential crisis and it’s worthy of an hour-and-a-half-long debate where Democrats can put forth their plans for voters to see,” 314 Action founder Shaughnessy Naughton told BuzzFeed News in a statement on the debate proposal. “Regardless of who wins the Democratic nomination, voters deserve to know what these candidates’ plans are for climate change.” The debate call comes as the wide field of Democratic candidates embraces fixing climate change like never before, with most vowing to not take more than $200 from fossil fuel executives, as well as industry lobbyists and political action committees, and a handful of the candidates already coming out with detailed climate plans. Washington Gov. Jay Inslee was the first Democrat running for president to call for a debate focused exclusively on the climate crisis. Now more than a dozen candidates have backed the idea, including former vice president Joe Biden, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren. The Democratic National Committee, first in a response to Inslee’s campaign and then in a Medium post, announced in early June that it would not hold such a debate. Moreover, the DNC said it would ban any candidate who participated in a third-party debate from joining future DNC ones, effectively shutting down the possibility of a climate debate. Despite the DNC’s refusal, momentum for a climate debate has surged. Inslee has doubled down on the idea; former vice president Al Gore, a climate advocate, has endorsed it; youth activists have rallied in front of the DNC headquarters; and a",science
"“Crumple the flower, Jane. Now try to make it look new again,” instructs Alba, Jane’s abuela, in the opening minutes of Jane the Virgin’s pilot episode. “I can’t,” Jane replies. “That’s right, you can never go back. And that’s what happens when you lose your virginity. You can never go back. Never forget that, Jane,” warns Alba. It’s young Jane’s first lesson about sex and virginity and one that clearly informs the premise of the series. When viewers first met Jane back in 2014, the 23-year-old had never had sexual intercourse, despite being in a two-year relationship with the lovable, rule-following cop Michael Cordero. Alba made it clear — no sex before marriage, a notion rooted in her religious and cultural beliefs. (Later, we learn her insistence on no premarital sex was in response to the familial humiliation she endured when she had sex outside of wedlock with Jane’s grandfather, and also in response to Jane’s mother, Xiomara, who got pregnant with Jane when she was just a teen.) But as fans of the show now know, a mix-up at the doctor’s office results in Jane being artificially inseminated with the sperm of the dreamy hotel magnate Rafael, which completely upends her life (straight out of a telenovela, right?). Five seasons later, as the show comes to an end this Wednesday, Jane’s attitude toward sex has changed dramatically, and so have the attitudes of her mother and grandmother. After decades of buildup, Jane meaningfully lost her virginity and went on to have more casual yet equally fulfilling sexual relationships with different men. Xo, who struggled with the shame of getting pregnant as a teen and subsequently being stereotyped as “promiscuous,” reached an understanding with her more traditional mother after butting heads with her her whole life. She also came into her own as a woman outside of her sexuality, defining herself and her relationships in other ways. Alba used to shudder at the mere mention of sex, but now in the final season, she’s even usi",reader
"   I Know It's Okay That I Chose Not To Breastfeed. But I Still Feel Guilty. The page reads: ""To this day, whenever I hear about mothers who abandon their babies or drown them in the bath, I feel very, very sad. But not only for the babies... I was lucky because I could never hurt you."" The page reads: ""But I understood what it was like to feel trapped. I could never go back to the life I'd had. And my new life was full of worry, fatigue, and disconnectedness. I fantasized about leaving. Just getting in the car and driving away. Or simply going to sleep forever."" The page reads: Just like the dream I kept having about climbing into a bin at the grocery store and feeling apples rain down on top of me. But I also couldn't bear the thought of you growing up without a mother..."" Teresa Wong is a Calgary-based writer and artist who had three children in less than five years. Her beautifully illustrated graphic memoir Dear Scarlet covers her struggle with postpartum depression in the form of a letter to her daughter Scarlet. Speaking with BuzzFeed, Wong explained the origin of her graphic memoir, She continued, ""Anyone who has taken care of a newborn knows how quiet those days can be, when there’s nobody to talk to but the baby, and I felt like drawings would be the best way to convey that silent time."" Her book tackles some difficult subjects... ...and she simply, but cleverly, uses her art to visually convey those thoughts. Wong said the process of making her book was difficult, but fun. ""I had never done a graphic narrative before, and I am a writer, not an illustrator, so I was a little out of my league when it came to drawing the book. I literally googled: 'how to make a graphic novel.'"" And it's clear her book has made an impact with audiences. They've even told Wong about their own struggles with postpartum depression. She explained, And what does Wong hope people will take away from the book? You can get Dear Scarlet from Amazon for $12.16 or a local bookstore thr",health
"A cache of emails revealed this week in which White House senior policy adviser Stephen Miller, in the run-up to the 2016 election, shared articles and websites affiliated with white nationalism has disturbed officials working in the Department of Homeland Security and Justice Department, who called the emails “sickening” and “proof” that Miller has been steering a racist immigration policy under President Trump. The emails sent from Miller to editors of the far-right website Breitbart and obtained by the Southern Poverty Law Center show Miller sharing a story from the white nationalist site VDare, pushing for Breitbart to write about a novel popular among white nationalists, and linking to a report detailing second-generation Muslims with the subject line “Huge Surge in US newborns named 'Mohammed.’” The civil rights nonprofit said that after reviewing 900 emails, it was “unable to find any examples of Miller writing sympathetically or even in neutral tones about any person who is nonwhite or foreign-born.” In one such email chain, the SPLC said Miller directed Breitbart reporter Katie McHugh, who supplied the emails to the group, to aggregate information from American Renaissance, a white supremacist journal, for a story on crimes committed by nonwhite people. “It’s sickening to know that someone with these viewpoints held a position of trust for a United States Senator,"" said one DHS official, referring to former senator and attorney general Jeff Sessions, ""and now in the White House. Not that it wasn’t clear before — these emails just confirm what we all know. I’m disgusted that my venerable agency has turned into his personal tool for hate.” BuzzFeed News spoke with nine DHS and DOJ officials for this story, all of whom requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the matter. Miller’s influence in shaping a hardline immigration policy, including overhauling and restricting asylum to those seeking protection, is well known. Under the Trump ad",politics
"MOUNTAIN VIEW, California — Google is making a big change in the way it presents search results. Most people won’t notice, but, Google executives said, the new technology represents a leap forward in the company’s ability to understand what people are asking for when they search. Google’s search engine uses natural language processing to analyze queries. For example, for the entry “get medicine at pharmacy,” Google will home in on the words “medicine” and “pharmacy” and look for pages related to those two keywords. Starting today, the company is rolling out a new machine learning–powered language processing method called Bidirectional Encoder Representations From Transformers, or BERT for short. BERT looks at the sequences of words in searches — not just the words themselves — to glean more information on the intent behind them. For example, results for “can you get medicine for someone pharmacy” would previously have served a link to a 2017 MedlinePlus article about getting a prescription filled, and missed the point that the search was looking for information on how to pick up a prescription for someone else. Using BERT, Google’s search engine now shows a 2002 article from the Department of Health and Human Services about how to have a friend or family member pick up the medicine on your behalf. Pandu Nayak, Google’s vice president of search, gave another example at a press event yesterday, using the query “How old was Taylor Swift when Kanye went on stage?” Before BERT, Google surfaced videos of the 2009 event during which the rapper interrupted the pop star’s acceptance speech at the MTV Video Music Awards. After BERT, Google presents as its first result a snippet from a BBC article, which states: “A 19-year-old Swift had just defeated Beyoncé to win Best Female Video for her country-pop teen anthem You Belong With Me.” Google's search returns automatically highlighted “19-year-old” for emphasis. ""On the ranking front, this is the single biggest change we’ve had",tech
"Washington Gov. Jay Inslee, in the latest installment of his ever-growing climate platform for his presidential campaign, is proposing to ban hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, nationwide. So far in the 2020 Democratic primary race, Inslee has repeatedly pushed the boundaries of what a comprehensive strategy for combating the climate crisis looks like, previously proposing to retire all US coal plants by 2030, vowing to galvanize $9 trillion in climate-related spending in the next decade, and leading the call for a climate-only debate. Inslee’s fourth climate proposal, out Monday morning, continues this trend. In his “Freedom From Fossil Fuels Plan,” which runs 27 pages long, Inslee is the first candidate to propose a blanket fracking ban, likely through an act by Congress. Inslee is effectively saying he wants to ban oil and gas drilling, since most new wells in the US rely on fracking. In an effort to show his credentials, Inslee noted in the plan that Washington state banned fracking this year. But Washington has minimal oil and gas reserves, so this policy achievement was largely symbolic. Inslee’s new plan also proposes to ban all new fossil fuel leasing on federal land and offshore waters starting on his first day in the White House. Additionally, he pledges to end fossil fuel subsidies, such as through repealing tax credits that benefit the coal, gas, and oil industries; to put a price on climate pollution; and to require federal agencies apply a “climate test” when considering proposals for new fossil fuel infrastructure, including pipelines. Some of these proposals have been pushed already by other candidates. For example, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren was the first to propose banning new fossil fuel leases on public lands and South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg has supported a carbon pricing system. The Democratic candidates are increasingly blending together on the broader issues around climate change. They’ve basically all said acting on climate change",science
"“There’s been plenty of speculation about this hot young r&b star’s sexuality, but most of it has been drowned out by the adoration by fans and famous alike,” wrote the gossip site Bossip in 2012. “After keeping folks guessing in 2011, this soul singer will answer any questions about which team he’s swinging for with his upcoming musical release.” This was a blind item about Frank Ocean, then a quickly rising R&B star who would later address rumors about his sexuality on social media. But in a lot of ways, this story may well have been written about Lil Nas X now in 2019. This June, which marked the 50th anniversary of the Stonewall riots, 20-year-old Lil Nas X, one of hip-hop’s most interesting new artists, came out. Or, at least, that’s what it seemed like. “Some of y’all already know, some of y’all don’t care, some of y’all not gone [fuck with me] no more,” the “Old Town Road” rapper announced to his growing following of 2 million people on Twitter on June 30. He then instructed fans to listen to “C7osure (You Like),” a track from his debut EP 7, with a special emphasis that his legion of loyal supporters do it before “this month ends.” He signed off that tweet with three emojis, including one of the rainbow, a symbol famously synonymous with queerness. The word “gay” did not appear anywhere in Lil Nas X’s initial tweets, which prompted varying headlines that read the star “seemingly” came out while others straight-up questioned whether he’d actually done the thing. The ambiguity of the rapper’s word choice seemed to have been intentional. In a follow-up tweet later that day, he wrote, “deadass thought i made it obvious” with an attachment of his EP’s cover art depicting a building broadcasting the colors of the pride flag. In his joking and Extremely Online way, Lil Nas X is challenging what it means to come out on the public stage — especially now, when fans feel their proximity to their favorite stars’ public lives must equal an all-access pass to their person",reader
,health
"Former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg has pulled out of his company's high-profile conference in Beijing next week, in the latest sign that his nascent presidential campaign is dead serious. Bloomberg was expected to serve as host of the second New Economy Forum, opening next Wednesday for the first time in Beijing as an attempt to create an elite Asian counterweight to the legendary annual business conference at Davos. A company spokesman confirmed to BuzzFeed News that Bloomberg would not attend the conference and said a delegation including former secretary of state Henry Kissinger and former treasury secretary Hank Paulson would still be attending. The forum was held in Singapore in 2018 after hopes for a Beijing event were scuttled by international tensions, but the 2019 event is expected to host an array of senior business figures from both the US and China, and to focus on the how ""economic power is shifting dramatically from the West to new economies,"" according to its website. Bloomberg's move is the latest sign that the former mayor, if he decides to actually run, would bring to the 2020 campaign the power of his wealth, his experience as an effective and low-profile administrator, and his connection to key issues — gun control and climate change — that are important to Democratic voters. But the mere fact that he is choosing to skip his own company's new entry to the pinnacle of global capitalism also highlights the central question about his potential candidacy: Can one of the most successful figures in the new global capitalism appeal to a Democratic Party deciding whether it wants to be capitalist at all, and whose central figure is selling mugs to drink billionaires' tears? The conference also highlights Bloomberg's relatively sanguine views on China amid a trade war with President Donald Trump and global condemnation of the country's human rights practices. Bloomberg recently defended Chinese President Xi Jinping who, he told Firing Line, is “not a",politics
"This is one of those places you go for Instagram. The Manhattan Bridge looms, immediate and substantial, over a cobblestone street, framed on either side by a pair of old brick buildings; if you’re standing in the right spot, you can see the Empire State Building through one of the bridge’s uprights. Imagine a woman, young and ambivalent, staring into the middle distance, white sneakers aglow in the dawn, bridge overhead. This area of Brooklyn, once home to abandoned factories and warehouses, now hosts an annual festival for $3,000 German cameras. All of this could be depressing, conceptually: Thousands and thousands of us cycling through a location for the same photo, then posting it to Instagram, a platform on which you’ve probably seen this photo and will see it again, an endless loop of likes. Restaurant owners think now about how a certain floor tile might look on Instagram, and light the room for the phone’s camera instead of the table; businesses paint ridiculous murals on walls, with human-size white space, so you’ll pop by and pose, ironic or earnest, between technicolor angel wings; Instagram stories of places and people extend out into the jittery forever. And yet, on nice evenings in early September, on a half block of staggering wealth, the photo line can seem less like a grim tribute to our alienated reality and more like a fun carnival. You know those little cartoons of a city, where a guy in a beret with a poodle is walking past a baguette-carrying chef in front of a pencil drawing of the Eiffel Tower? Here in Brooklyn, the tall, thin women in silver Birkenstocks pass by groups of two German tourists and three Chinese tourists. “Car coming!” a man shouted every few minutes one night; a Carvel ice cream truck would inch by, followed by a silver Mercedes G-Class, all while the Q train blared overhead as the metal subway cars crossed the steel bridge. Here a couple would pose in black tie; there some teens would be texting on the curb. Here a black Rang",tech
"The FDA on Friday approved a second drug meant to increase a woman's sex drive. Approval of the injectable drug, bremelanotide, sold as Vyleesi by Amag Pharmaceuticals Inc., follows the unsuccessful 2015 launch of the drug Addyi, a controversial ""female Viagra"" pill intended to spur sexual desire. ""There are women who, for no known reason, have reduced sexual desire that causes marked distress, and who can benefit from safe and effective pharmacologic treatment,"" Hylton Joffe of the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, said in a statement. ""Today’s approval provides women with another treatment option."" Under study for more than a decade, Vyleesi increases the activity of a hormone linked to lowered anxiety and moderately improved desire in past studies. But ""the mechanism by which it improves sexual desire and related distress is unknown,"" according to the FDA. Amag claims that nearly 80% of the women who took the drug in a 24-week study continued injecting it afterward, typically two or three times a month. ""It is important that women suffering with this condition have a choice of treatment options,"" said Anita Clayton of the University of Virginia School of Medicine, who headed studies of the drug's safety, in an Amag statement. The impact of low sexual desire, she added, ""goes far beyond the bedroom and can often result in anxiety, loss of vitality, self-esteem issues and relationship stress."" Overall, around 20% to 30% of women report low sexual desire in surveys, although only about half of them see that as a problem. The first drug aimed at these women, Addyi, failed to win customers partly due to being prohibited with alcohol. Amag and its backers are hoping that Vyleesi, injected from a pen dispenser about 45 minutes ahead of sex, will get luckier. (The FDA has approved at least five different drugs formulated to improve erections in men.) ""Whether a sometimes effective Addyi or an injectable Vyleesi, pharmacotherapy is not usually a complete solu",science
"Shirley Baker, a nurse, deftly ties on a surgical mask before opening the door. But she’s not striding into the operating room: she is about to mow her lawn, which is ringed by a high chain-link fence festooned with biohazard signs. Baker lives in Anniston, Alabama, 63 miles from Birmingham. Her city of 24,000 is 52 percent African American, but mostly it’s the city’s black residents who inhabit the neighborhoods that have fallen into decay wrought by widespread pollution. These form a patchwork quilt of moribund communities and biological “dead zones” where nothing grows. Behind some doors, the unemployed fight cancer, paralysis, memory loss, and a bewildering array of poorly characterized diseases. Subdued children play, eerily quiet, against a backdrop of toxic lawns, oily creeks, tainted vegetation, and sere trees. Other neighborhoods are already dead. Vegetation has overtaken blocks of abandoned houses, with streetlights gone permanently dark, empty churches, and, always, the biohazard signs. Everywhere in Anniston, worried parents shoo children from parks and playgrounds. Many backyard creeks run blood red. Homeowners have forsaken their poisoned gardens to grow greens in sterile plastic buckets. Children here seem slower and sicker than most, says Shirley’s husband, David, whose own brother died at 16 after years of illness. His daughter displays an assortment of behavior problems and has been relegated to special-education classes. A ten-year-old girl down the street has uterine cancer, he says, and he repeatedly assured me that several children nearby have been born with “two brains.” I wonder whether he means that they were born without a normally developed corpus callosum, which separates the brain’s hemispheres, but I can’t find out: their parents don’t return my phone calls. For many Americans, a modern dread of contamination has been distilled into cathartic post apocalyptic film fare such as 28 Days Later, Right at Your Door, or Dawn of the Dead that ",reader
"By the way: Humor is a great way for a lot of people to cope with their anxiety, but if you found a lot of things in this post a little too relatable, you might want to look into ways to take care of yourself. So, here are some quick resources, just in case:* You can learn more about starting therapy here, since pretty much everyone can benefit from talking to a professional.* You can learn more about anxiety disorders here* And if you need to talk to someone immediately, the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline can be reached at 1-800-273-TALK (8255) and the Crisis Text Line can be reached by texting HOME to 741741. Suicide helplines outside the US can be found here. When you're absolutely sure bad news is about to arrive: When you're sure somebody's gonna yell at you any time now: When you second guess even your smallest decisions: When a negative voice in your head keeps saying mean things about you on repeat: When you feel like you're falling and it won't stop: When you feel totally overwhelmed by everything and nothing: When you're always on edge, no matter what: When your brain won't stop going and going and going: When things gets so overwhelming that you question your entire existence: When even relaxing moments are tinged with anxiety: When it feels like two very different facets of yourself are at war: When you overthink every little thing, all day, all the time: When your anxiety builds up so much that it goes all the way back to calm: When your brain doesn't care what time it is, because it's always Time To Worry™: When your brain runs out of actual things to worry about and invents imaginary things to worry about instead: When you're temporarily able to put aside your anxiety to help someone else: And when you realize your anxiety is a genetic leftover from your ancestors (thanks a lot!):",health
"A major piece of Pete Buttigieg’s past remains a mystery to voters. For nearly three years, he worked at McKinsey & Company, an elite management consulting firm with offices around the world. It was work that took him, he has said, to Iraq and Afghanistan. And for years after that, in his early campaigns for public office, Buttigieg held up his stint at McKinsey as a selling point and proof that he was a business-friendly Democrat, while only vaguely describing what he did and never revealing his clients. A deeper understanding of his time there a decade ago would be relevant to evaluating the 37-year-old mayor of South Bend, Indiana, who’s now trying to prove he has the experience to be president. But Buttigieg continues to keep most details a secret, citing a confidentiality agreement. He also now describes the job — which informed his views on business issues — as “not something that I think is essential in my story.” Asked by BuzzFeed News this week if Buttigieg would be willing to provide more information about his role at the firm, spokesperson Chris Meagher confirmed that the campaign on at least two occasions has asked McKinsey about ways around the nondisclosure pact. Buttigieg’s work “is largely covered by a non-disclosure agreement,” Meagher said Friday. “Previously, the campaign had reached out to McKinsey to inquire about what the NDA encompasses, and this week again reached out to McKinsey about the possibility of being released from the NDA.” A McKinsey spokesperson declined to comment about Buttigieg’s work there — the firm only would confirm he was hired in June 2007 and left in March 2010. The spokesperson also wouldn’t comment about the likelihood of Buttigieg being released from a confidentiality pact. McKinsey has become known for working with authoritarian regimes and taking on other ethically complicated projects. A New York Times report last year focused on its work for governments or state-owned companies in China, Russia, Saudi Arabia, and ",politics
"Google has been removing questions from an internal company message board about its hiring of a former Department of Homeland Security staffer who once publicly defended the Trump administration’s Muslim travel ban. Ahead of an all-hands meeting on Thursday at Google’s Mountain View, California, headquarters, management twice deleted inquiries about Miles Taylor, the chief of staff of former DHS secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, who joined the company last month as a government affairs and public policy manager. In response, some employees have expressed anger in emails and group messages, asking why the company hired and shielded a former Trump administration member who helped implement policies Google and its executives had previously protested. On Wednesday, a question addressing Taylor’s hire on Dory, an internal service that allows employees to ask and vote on inquiries to be put to management, had garnered about 2,000 upvotes before being removed. BuzzFeed News reported Monday on Taylor’s hiring. “Google has hired a former DHS Chief of Staff who defended policies including family separation and Muslim ban,” read one now-deleted post seen by BuzzFeed News, and confirmed by three employees. “Prior to hire, was the psychological safety of impacted communities at Google considered? How can we respect Google’s [diversity, equity, and inclusion] values and avoid hiring those who dehumanize marginalized groups?” The backlash against Taylor’s employment and the subsequent attempts to squash discussion on the matter is just the latest struggle for the search and advertising behemoth to balance workers' free expression with corporate harmony. Last month, Google settled with the National Labor and Review Board over complaints that it had stifled workplace dissent, leading the company to confirm that it would not prevent employees from discussing workplace issues. Google still has certain policies for workplace and political discussions, though the company declined to comment o",tech
"US suicide rates are the highest they've been since World War II, federal health officials said Thursday, with the rise particularly acute among indigenous women. According to a new report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the suicide rate was 33% higher in 2017 than in 1999. The increase was seen in both men and women and among all races and ethnicities. Still, the uptick was not equally sharp for all groups — it was felt at a disproportionate rate by Native Americans and Alaska Natives, and particularly by women in these communities. For indigenous women, the suicide rate increased by 139%. For men in the same group, it went up 71%. The rates for this group have been particularly high among young people, with the vast majority of suicides affecting those ages 15 to 44. Among the 45-to-65 age group, the rate was highest among white people for both men and women. Native Americans have long faced disproportionately high rates of suicide, particularly for young people, as compared with other groups in the US, according to the Indian Health Service. ""As a result of historical trauma, chronically underfunded federal programs, and broken promises on the part of the US government,"" Native Americans face a slew of issues that have driven suicide into a crisis, according to the Center for Native American Youth. According to the US Census Bureau, Native Americans face the highest rates of poverty of any racial group and have lower rates of high school graduation. More than half of women in this group have reported being sexually assaulted, according to the Indian Law Resource Center. Native Americans also face the highest rates of alcoholism of any racial group, which researchers have linked to the arrival of white settlers on their land who brought alcohol and sold it to them. Studies have shown that people with alcohol addiction have an increased risk of suicide. ""Certainly for [Native American and Alaska Native] men and women, alcohol use by the individ",science
"It's summertime: the season for barbecues, heading to the beach with friends, paparazzi shots of celebs frolicking on yachts in exotic locales, and, uh, male body-shaming? Earlier this month, something of a social media brouhaha erupted over paparazzi pics of famously buff Aquaman star Jason Momoa relaxing on vacation. In the pictures, published by the Daily Mail, the lusciously maned thespian walks on a beach in the criminally long bermuda shorts that American men call swim trunks. While the tabloids were quick to describe him as “musclebound,” some juvenile, trollish comments left on US Weekly’s Instagram account — ""Looking a little soft. Still a hottie tho""; ""Dad bod AF""; ""Y'all forgot to photoshop some abs on him or what"" — were spun into an apparent body-shaming controversy. This week, new pics of pop star Nick Jonas, relaxing on a boat, also inspired headlines and thirst tweets about his so-called dadbod. The reaction to the pictures — at least on certain sections of Gay Twitter — were largely positive: “He looks Daddy af to me.” “nick jonas blow my back out challenge.” “I prefer @nickjonas like this.” “Nick Jonas is now so thick 😍... I'm here for it.” “nick jonas is halfway to dad bod and I’ve never been more attracted to him.” Getting in on the fun, Comedy Central tweeted Nick pics with the caption “Thicc Jonas is having a hot girl summer.” And then of course there was even lovingly made fan art of Thicc Jonas. This dadbod debate has generated some thinkpieces about the way body image for straight men has now become subject to the same pressures and commercial forces that have long plagued women. It has even prompted a mini reckoning with the new standards — that some of the same magazines running the thinkpieces have promoted — of buffness for men. Yet Momoa and Jonas, regardless of slight variations in their muscular builds, obviously fit into our culture’s most idealized notions of masculinity. What’s elided in the discourse that’s supposedly defending Mo",reader
"When you look forward to this moment every day... ...and REALLY relish in this feeling: When you're having a good cleavage day: When shopping for a new bra is the WORST: And when actually trying one on feels like an eternal mess: When strapless bras seem 1000% pointless: When you need the extra support: When your bra actually comes in handy: When you could probably eat an entire meal from your bra: When you're a human with big boobs: When you lay on your back: When your pajamas decide to misbehave: When your sports bra basically feels like a trap: When summer really gets going: When you do ~the lean back~ to avoid an awkward moment: And finally, when you come to this realization: Love Comics? To see more follow BuzzFeed's @comics on Instagram!",health
"WASHINGTON — Democrats in the House have, so far, been able to keep the Trump whistleblower from testifying and to protect his identity, but when a trial begins in the Senate, where Republicans have the power, that all could change. House Republicans have formally requested to subpoena — and tried to out the identity of — the individual who filed an anonymous whistleblower complaint alleging President Trump withheld military aid from Ukraine until the country agreed to investigate the Biden family. Those allegations have been supported by private and public testimony from officials, leading Democrats to say the identity of the whistleblower is now irrelevant. House Intelligence Committee Chair Adam Schiff has shut down Republican attempts to out or subpoena them, as some of Trump's allies have advanced conspiracy theories about the whistleblower. But if the House votes to impeach Trump, the matter moves to the Senate for a trial, and several Republicans say the Senate needs to compel the whistleblower to testify. “I want to hear from the whistleblower, I think that’s most important,” said North Dakota Sen. Kevin Cramer. In the event of a trial, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Minority Leader Chuck Schumer will meet to try to hash out the rules for the trial, including who gets interviewed and when. A majority of senators is needed for a successful resolution. Many Republicans will be pushing McConnell to add the whistleblower’s name to the witness list. Sens. Lindsey Graham and Rand Paul have made outing the whistleblower a rallying cry in TV appearances and at Trump rallies. Sen. Thom Tillis said Thursday he would not vote for any resolution that shields the whistleblower from taking part. “That’s the original accuser, right? What normally happens in any court of law? You hear from the original accuser,” said Tillis. Federal whistleblowers are granted anonymity under the Whistleblower Protection Act, and lawyers for the Trump whistleblower say outing thi",politics
"The short-form video app TikTok can’t shake an air of suspicion that surrounds it in the United States. On Thursday, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, a Democrat, and Republican Sen. Tom Cotton announced that they had written a letter to acting Director of National Intelligence Joseph Maguire requesting an assessment of national security risks posed by the company and other Chinese-owned platforms operating in the US. The request, which came a week after Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg claimed the app was blocking pro–Hong Kong content from American users, underscored a critical point about the video platform, which has been downloaded over 80 million times in the US: Nobody really knows how the site moderates content that favors pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. Despite a Guardian report to the contrary, TikTok insists it doesn’t censor its users’ Hong Kong content — protest-related videos simply tend not to go viral because that’s not what its users want to share. As a spokesperson for TikTok told BuzzFeed News, pro–Hong Kong content is available on the app, but goofy memes and dance challenges are what the app’s extremely young users engage with the most. “Our content and moderation policies are led by our US-based team and are not influenced by any foreign government,” the TikTok spokesperson told BuzzFeed News this week. “The Chinese government does not request that TikTok censor content. To be clear: We do not remove videos based on the presence of Hong Kong protest content.” TikTok did not respond to an inquiry asking if it restricted the spread of such content. In a statement published Thursday, TikTok said that none of its data is subject to Chinese law. ""We have a dedicated technical team focused on adhering to robust cybersecurity policies, and data privacy and security practices,"" the statement said. ""We have never been asked by the Chinese government to remove any content and we would not do so if asked. Period."" To test this claim, BuzzFeed News ta",tech
"Worldwide, 79% of people believe vaccines are safe, according to a new study that provides the most detailed picture yet of attitudes toward vaccination. But views on vaccines vary greatly from country to country according to the survey, which included some 140,000 people across more than 140 countries and was backed by the Wellcome Trust, a medical research charity based in London. Highlights include Bangladesh, where almost 98% of people believe that vaccines are both safe and effective. But there are also trouble spots, including France, where 1 in 3 people disagree that vaccines are safe, and Ukraine, where only about half of the population thinks that vaccines work. Both of those countries have in the past couple of years been gripped by serious outbreaks of measles. France had 2,913 cases in 2018 and 964 so far this year, according to the latest figures from the World Health Organization. Ukraine recorded 42,874 cases by the end of April this year, following last year’s count of 53,218. The Wellcome team also asked people about their knowledge of science and their trust in scientists, medical professionals, and institutions, including the government and media. The survey has provided fresh insights into why people in some countries have low confidence in vaccines — despite overwhelming scientific evidence that they are safe and effective. “It’s the first time we’ve got this global picture,” Wellcome Trust head of public engagement Imran Khan told BuzzFeed News. “This landmark survey shows that understanding people and society is as important as understanding viruses and immunology,” Jeremy Farrar, director of the Wellcome Trust, said in a statement. Overall, some of the biggest problems with trust in vaccines are in Europe. In countries like France, Switzerland, and Austria, attitudes seem to be highly polarized between those who agree that vaccines are safe and effective and those who disagree. But in Ukraine, Belarus, and other vaccine-hesitant countries in ",science
"When I first made the decision not to have a baby, in 2008, I did it because I couldn’t imagine bringing another human into a world already so overheated and overcrowded. I didn’t know anyone like me at the time. But in the intervening decade, the world’s climate change problem has escalated to a crisis, and people across the world are grappling with the question of whether to have children in such uncertain times. In February, Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez broke Instagram when she so much as raised the question. A few weeks later, Utah Sen. Mike Lee, on the opposite end of the spectrum, argued on the Senate floor that the solution to climate change is to “fall in love, get married, and have some kids.” Meanwhile, in the UK, environmental activist Blythe Pepino launched BirthStrike, a social media–focused movement that questions having children in the face of ecological crisis. Each time, social media lit up with horror. People on the left were appalled that a sitting senator was responding to the defining crisis of our time with what amounted to a series of Star Wars memes. People on the right were appalled that ecofreaks were coming for their (unborn) children. And Tucker Carlson, in a near lip sync of Lee’s Senate performance, interviewed Pepino and then promptly advised her to forget about the climate and have babies. There’s something strange about watching the rest of the world finally begin to confront a question I wrestled with for so many years. I firmly believe that my decision not to have a baby, 10 years ago, was the right one. And more than that, I believe having children is no longer just a personal decision, but a decision with ethical implications for all of humanity and the planet we live on. But as someone who grew up Mormon in Lee’s home state of Utah — and as a woman who gave birth to a child after a pregnancy I didn’t plan and didn’t want — I’ve been on more than one side of the debate. And I know how much is at stake. By the time I took my firs",reader
"My face broke out with hormonal cystic acne that was so bad. I also had cravings for all the worst food... but I got an awesome table I got to carry around with me for a few months! —eskaytea Spent my entire last trimester in Old Navy flip flops because my feet didn't fit in anything else. I also got pregnancy-induced carpal tunnel to the point where I couldn’t move my right thumb and had to wear a brace. My feet also went up an entire size, so I now wear a size 11. Totally worth it though. —meggie89 I wanted to trim my bangs really quickly over the sink before my sister-in-law came to visit. This was the result. —enbstrong I had to cut the ring off because my fingers were so swollen. —arielle7 Gaping shirt because of my pregnancy boobs, and no good place to put the napkin because something will be left uncovered. —jessicab99 No one tells you about the roadmap you turn into when pregnant. This was me at 24 weeks, and it just got worse and worse as it went on. —morganh44831a05d My daughter was always over to the right side of my body (which you can see in this pic). For the entire third trimester I felt like I was tipping over. —disorderlyconduct Stretch marks within stretch marks, from my ribs and ALL the way down. It was incredibly itchy and painful. —adrianajaec Peeing. Peeing all the time. Every. 20. Minutes. —ptyram7 Eight months pregnant = motorized cart at the store. Note my swollen ankles! —kyleel4c0fe2055 My pregnancy brain caused the bruised thumb. About 21 weeks in, I was climbing into a car. While I was holding onto the car, I accidentally slammed the door shut and got my thumb stuck between the car and the door. That was two weeks ago. This pic was taken after two weeks of healing. —a4593bbf58 Pregnancy is not always a big, bad, scary thing! I didn't have any morning sickness, swelling, or stretch marks with either kid. I also didn't have any issues with natural labor (both labors were less than five hours). Pregnancy was a healthy and beautiful journey ",health
"The phrase “I hired Donald Trump to fire people like Yovanovitch"" trended on Twitter on Friday morning as Marie Yovanovitch, former US ambassador to Ukraine, testified in front of the impeachment inquiry held by the House Intelligence Committee. And while it may have seemed like a spontaneous outcry from the president's supporters, the phrase has spread at a rate consistent with the coordinated inauthentic behavior expected from a network of bots or sock puppet accounts. To be sure, many human users are sharing the phrase, including Donald Trump Jr., who tweeted a version of the phrase an hour after the first tweet surfaced: “America hired @realDonaldTrump to fire people like the first three witnesses we’ve seen. Career government bureaucrats and nothing more.” The way the phrase has spread does not appear to be completely authentic. At least 7,320 tweets (including retweets) were posted that included the words posted in the first 45 minutes, according to an analysis conducted by BuzzFeed News. Within that time period, 83 accounts tweeted or retweeted the phrase over 10 times each. A representative for Twitter said the company was looking into whether the activity was coordinated. Later in the day, several accounts in BuzzFeed News’ data set were suspended. Twitter subsequently told BuzzFeed News that its initial investigations had not found evidence of bot activity amplifying the phrase. As the phrase became popular on Twitter, it spread beyond the platform, appearing on YouTube and in two 4chan posts. It is also beginning to appear in public Facebook posts. Separating bot activity from genuine virality — particularly among pro-Trump social media users, who often operate in ways that look like bots — is difficult. Benchmarks vary, but, according to the Oxford Internet Institute’s Computational Propaganda team and the Atlantic Council’s Digital Forensic Research Lab, tweeting 50–72 times a day is suspicious, and tweeting more than 144 times a day is very suspicious.",politics
"Walking around your garage filled with insanely expensive cars. Getting cuddled by your perfect boyfriend. Panning across to reveal a celebrity you happen to be related to.They’re all common scenes found in TikTok ""check"" videos, in which teens flex by sharing braggy footage of their lives under hashtags like #privateschoolcheck and #famousrelativecheck. But a new type of check — one where you're more likely to see someone making greasy burgers under the heat lamps of an industrial kitchen — isn’t exactly like the others. Hannah, 16, set out to make a video to show her friends what it’s really like to work for McDonald's in Australia. “I originally made it as a joke to put on my Snapchat private story just for friends,” Hannah told BuzzFeed News. “And then I just decided to post it for the laugh.” She didn’t expect the #maccascheck — in Australia, McDonald's is widely known as Maccas — to become so popular. Since Hannah’s video, hundreds of other TikTokers have posted videos using her ""Maccas Job Check"" audio. Together, they have been viewed more than a million times.The hashtag offers a behind-the-scenes look at the good, bad and boring bits of working at McDonald's. Some videos show people frying food, stacking shelves, cleaning, dealing with broken drink machines and taking out the bins. In others, people dance, play pranks, distract their colleagues, complain about the smell and answer the classic question: ""how much do you get paid working here?"" Stacey, 15, made a #maccascheck because she’s “obsessed” with TikTok. She thinks others have jumped on the trend because the fast food giant, which hires employees as young as 14, has a lot of young workers. “Maccas is probably the best known and popular fast food store and lots of teens work there,” she said.Unlike lots of other check videos, the #maccascheck hashtag gives an unfiltered and unglamorous view of what it's like to work in the service industry. Including being abused by customers. Jeven, 18, saw TikToks a",tech
"The Trump administration wants to dramatically cut the number of expert panels that widely advise federal agencies on pollution, public health, spending, and planning, according to a White House executive order released late Friday. There are about 1,000 of these advisory committees — often called ""the fifth arm of government"" — which act as a reality check on agencies, operating under a 1972 law that makes their deliberations transparent to the public. ""Each agency shall, by September 30, 2019, terminate at least one-third of its current committees,"" the Friday executive order says. ""If the combined total number of eligible committees exceeds 350, an agency may not establish a new advisory committee."" The panels advise on high-profile agency decisions. One at the Environmental Protection Agency, for example, recently questioned estimates of cost savings from allowing more pollution. These panels are found at nearly 50 agencies and departments, involve about 72,000 volunteer experts, and cost around $367 million — total — to run in 2015, according to the Government Accountability Office. ""This kind of wholesale elimination of advisory panels is bad government,"" Steven Aftergood of the Federation of American Scientists told BuzzFeed News. ""The panels are not expensive to run, and no one has to follow their recommendations,"" he added. ""But they help to inform and enrich the deliberative process. Could that be what the White House objects to?"" The executive order would exempt from the order panels whose primary purpose is to provide scientific expertise to agencies making decisions about the safety of products sold to consumers, such as drug approvals at the FDA. But the order follows efforts to recast advisory committees at the EPA to include more industry voices and has triggered objections from scientists. ""My view is that although it makes sense to take stock and consider the costs and benefits of advisory committees currently in operation — just as past administra",science
"Last night, I sent a tongue emoji to a woman I’m seeing, abandoning my standard “smiley” and “eyes” for something slightly more direct. Maybe I was communicating that way because I was up drinking cold brew writing this piece and my penchant for slow-burn flirtation had come undone. Or maybe it’s because it’s a Hot Girl Summer. Like a game of strip poker, Hot Girl Summer has unfolded slowly and then — wow — all at once. A term coined by 24-year-old Houston rapper Megan Thee Stallion, “It’s just basically about women — and men — just being unapologetically them, just having a good-ass time, hyping up your friends, doing you, not giving a damn about what nobody got to say about it. You definitely have to be a person that can be the life of the party and, y’know, just a bad bitch,” as she explained to the Root in June. The idea is everywhere in pop culture now. People post selfies wearing their flyest outfits, share stories of triumphing over various obstacles, upload dispatches from vacations, Snapchat from nice restaurants or while chilling at home. And as they’re wont to do, brands have capitalized, co-opting Hot Girl Summer as a way to sell Wendy’s lemonade, PacSun, and Maybelline. But despite its exploitation by thirsty corporations, Hot Girl Summer is still a rare oasis on the internet, a meme that doesn’t turn sour after the inevitable snowballing of crowdsourced material. It’s a counterpoint to the Area 51 challenge, the other meme of the summer: You don’t have to go anywhere, nor put yourself in harm’s way, nor ponder extraterrestrial life to have a Hot Girl Summer. You focus on your earthbound self and what it means to live your best life, in your own skin. It’s taken off so much that Meg is in the process of trademarking the phrase. So why has the phrase become so popular? Summer’s only a month old, and so far it’s yielded mostly trash: detainment camps, mysterious deaths in the Dominican Republic, power cuts, flooding in New York and New Orleans, and the pr",reader
"From diarrhea mishaps to anal sex disasters, here are the hilariously shitty results. I was in the Taco Bell drive-thru and felt the urge to poop. Another car was behind me, so I was trapped. The urge was getting stronger, but the cars in front weren't moving. I pulled my car up a spot and ordered. That's when I knew it was over. I unbuckled and put a towel under me. I was half-crying and half-laughing when my sphincter gave out. Liquid shit spilled from my bum, with no signs of stopping. I had to sit in my poop pants while waiting for the cars in front to go. The stench was unbearable, and the shame still eats at me today. —maliaab It was the morning of my AP Chemistry exam. I was at McDonald's, and I thought I had to fart, but I ended up crapping my pants. I waddled by several clothing stores around me in hopes of buying fresh underwear, but none of them were open yet. I knew I couldn't be late for my test, so I couldn't go home to change. I had to sit in my own poop throughout the entire AP exam, which I ended up failing. —ashlyns4cb642079 I was seeing a guy who was really into anal sex, but I hadn't tried it yet. He came over, and things started to get hot. My bowels instantly reacted to his penis up my butt, and I started pooping all over him. It got on his legs, privates, hands, everywhere. Luckily he's a nurse and had seen worse. We cleaned up and for some reason decided to go for round two. He used my vibrator on me, and as I climaxed the same thing happened: I was pooping, but I didn't even know it. It was like water. Just liquid shit. Never eat Chinese food before having anal sex for the first time. —quarterhorse411 My mom was a card game dealer in a casino. Dealers aren't allowed to leave the table unless another employee comes to take over for them. Unfortunately my mom REALLY had to go, but she couldn't leave until she was tapped out, for security reason. Her replacement was late, so she ended up pooping herself in her uniform while dealing a card game.",health
"Twitter revealed a long-awaited political ads policy on Friday that banned paid content from candidates, political parties, and government officials, but allowed advertisers to raise awareness around certain causes including environmental issues and social equity. The policy, which will go into effect next week, will prohibit political ads that reference candidates, parties, government officials, ballot measures, legislation, regulation, directives, or judicial outcomes. It will also ban ads that appeal for votes or solicit financial support for political causes. When CEO Jack Dorsey announced the company’s initial plan last month, critics wondered how Twitter would define paid political content, much less enforce a complete ban on it. Its policy, however, carves out certain exemptions — including some for news publishers — and will allow for companies and organizations to run ads that advocate for certain causes with some restrictions. BuzzFeed News had previously reported about Twitter’s plans through discussions the San Francisco-based company was having with advertisers. In those meetings earlier this month, Twitter staffers suggested that ads that spread awareness about issues of national significance would still be allowed, while those advocating for candidates or legislation would be banned. In a call with reporters on Friday, Twitter’s senior leadership acknowledged that the policy would evolve over time and that the company, which will use a combination of algorithms and human moderators to flag prohibited political ads, will run into problems. “We’re absolutely going to make mistakes here,” said Vijaya Gadde, Twitter’s legal and policy head. “But we firmly believe that it’s better for us to start getting it right and giving people ways to tell us how it’s wrong.” In the US, the company said that advertisements from political action committees and tax-exempt social welfare organizations, or 501(c)(4)s, would be prohibited. Twitter will allow, however, adver",politics
"At the outset of his testimony before the House Financial Services Committee on Wednesday, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg admitted that when Russians used his site to manipulate the 2016 election, he was put on the defensive. For the rest of the day, federal legislators kept him there, asking straightforward questions he repeatedly struggled to answer. For Zuckerberg, even inquires about Facebook’s support of free expression — which he outlined in a speech at Georgetown University last week — proved to be difficult to answer. By the end of the day, it was easy to forget why Zuckerberg was ostensibly there: to talk about his company’s cryptocurrency initiative, Libra. When representatives asked Zuckerberg about Facebook’s policy of allowing politicians to lie in ads, his wavering answers stood out. An intense exchange with Democratic Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was telling. “Would I be able to run advertisements on Facebook targeting Republicans in primaries saying that they voted for the Green New Deal? If you’re not fact-checking political advertisements, I’m just trying to understand the bounds there,” Ocasio-Cortez asked. “Congresswoman, I don’t know the answer to that off the top of my head. I think probably,” Zuckerberg replied. “So you don’t know if I’ll be able to do that?” “I think. Probably.” “Do you see a potential problem here?” replied Ocasio-Cortez. Facebook claims it prohibits speech that leads to voter suppression. But by allowing misinformation that portrays candidates saying things they haven’t, it may suppress the vote anyway, experts told BuzzFeed News. “The company and Mark do not seem to understand what voter suppression looks like in 2019,” Vanita Gupta, president and CEO of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, told BuzzFeed News. “You don’t have to look further than the 2016 election to see how foreign actors used these very same tactics that domestic actors have used for centuries in this country that undermine participation o",tech
"Scientists have looked for the first time at the brain patterns of Islamist radicals, showing that the part of the brain associated with deliberative reasoning is deactivated when a person is willing to fight and die for a ""sacred cause"" — and that the opinions of their peers can change that way of thinking. Researchers from the UK, Spain, and the US carried out brain scans on groups of men at various stages of radicalisation for Artis International, a research group that studies the role of ""sacred values"" in violent conflicts around the world. The study, published in the Royal Society Open Science journal, found that when a study subject was willing to fight and die for what they considered to be ""sacred values"", activity in the areas of the brain associated with deliberative reasoning decreased. Instead, they showed high activity in a different part of the brain — one associated with subjective perceptions of value, such as what a person finds beautiful. Nafees Hamid, a social psychologist at University College London and one of the researchers, told BuzzFeed News that usually both parts of the brain are active. ""In most people’s day-to-day activities, you have both mechanisms working in tandem. Even if someone’s thinking, 'That hamburger looks really good, I want to eat it,' they’re still thinking, 'It’s a lot of calories and I'll feel bad afterwards.'"" However, when a person is willing to fight and die for a cause, the part of the brain associated with deliberation (their dorsolateral prefrontal cortex) becomes disconnected from the part associated with what they value (their ventromedial prefrontal cortex). When a person is less willing to fight and die for a cause, the two areas reconnect — and that person is open to reason. The study was based on a sample of 30 men from a Pakistani community who had been selected from a broader group because of the high levels of radicalisation they recorded in a survey. All supported the militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba, whic",science
"Chances are, you’ve probably read something the author Mark Manson has published, or you know someone who has. His 2016 book The Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck has sold over 6 million copies and has been translated into more than 20 languages; celebrities like Jessie J have Instagrammed its distinctive orange cover, and searching for the hashtag #TheSubtleArtOfNotGivingAFuck will net you 60,000-plus posts. His website, MarkManson.net, which includes everything from his thoughts on dating (“Trust your partner. It’s a radical idea, I know”) to America (“We know nothing about the rest of the world”) and self-improvement (“You can’t buy happiness and you can’t achieve happiness”), sees about 2 million readers a month. And his new book, Everything Is Fucked: A Book About Hope, has been on the New York Times bestseller list since it was released in May. To put it in terms the man himself might appreciate: His shit fucking resonates. Widely. Manson is hardly the first self-help author to revel in profanity (Sarah Knight’s The Life-Changing Magic of Not Giving a Fuck, for instance, was published in 2015). And his advice isn’t exactly radical. So much of Manson’s popularity stems from the success of his persona, the total package he presents. His failures and fuckups feature prominently in his work; he presents himself as a real-talking, regular guy, a reformed bad boy who’s just trying to work through his own damage, and to help you work through yours while he’s at it. (It doesn’t hurt that he is, specifically, a guy: According to a study of self-help readership that Quartz did in 2017, men are significantly more likely to read self-help books if they’re written by other men.) “I think a lot of self-help gets caught up in trying to make the reader feel good about themselves,” Manson told me in a phone interview in July. “I think my readers appreciate that I don’t do that — in a way, it’s kind of condescending to try to make your reader feel a certain way. It’s my job to si",reader
"Dozens of celebs and fans praised the pic. She added, ""Fuckin lames wouldn't be able to stop blabbering if I got my ass done either. Bored as all hell, never can win!"" Just a few days ago, Chrissy Teigen posted this vacation pic that is straight-up 🔥🔥🔥! And here's another photo of Chrissy that's been making the rounds this week where she STILL looks great. But instead of talking about how cute Miles is (smooshy!!!), people have zeroed in on John's face and his ~apparent~ reaction to Chrissy's backside. FWIW, it just looks like the sun is in his eyes and the sunscreen is melting down his face — which, we've all been there — and it's annoying as hell! Anyways, the Queen of Twitter decided to comment on the pic herself, writing, ""Everyone so used to ass shots and photoshopped Instagrams. I've had no ass forever — is this new news to some of you?"" The person who originally shared the pic tried to explain, ""We laughing at dude face, ma. That's what makes the pic funny. Stay blessed."" But, Chrissy wasn't buying it. She responded, ""His face, looking at my ass, so nah. I see the comments, you know."" The OP replied again, saying that if John wasn't in the pic, it wouldn't be funny, but Chrissy wasn't letting him off the hook. She responded again, ""Yeah. His grossed out face looking at my ass. You don't need to explain this to me. I get it. I know the meme and I see the 100s of comments under it *about* my body, and his reaction to it. You were clowning on me or his look at me. That's all."" You tell 'em, sis! Personally, I think this pic works better out of context anyway... Me, when someone suggests I do work: Me, when someone says they don't like dogs: And finally, me, when someone talks about another person's body:",health
"WASHINGTON — Roger Stone, a longtime adviser to President Donald Trump, was found guilty on charges of lying to Congress about his contacts with WikiLeaks, obstruction, and witness tampering. Stone was arrested by the FBI in January on an indictment from former special counsel Robert Mueller’s office, alleging that he had repeatedly lied to Congress about his contacts with WikiLeaks and its founder Julian Assange related to the site’s release of hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign. He was additionally charged with witness tampering and obstruction of Congress. A jury found him guilty on all seven counts — five of lying to Congress and one each of witness tampering and obstruction of Congress — on Friday. Stone faces up to 20 years in prison for the tampering charge and another five for each of the other six counts. He'll be sentenced in February and was released until then, Politico reported. Stone worked officially for Trump’s presidential campaign through mid-August of 2015, but he continued to act as an informal adviser to Trump after and maintained contact with the president after he took office. During the trial earlier this month, prosecutors presented records of phone calls between Stone and Trump in 2016, including a call on the day the DNC announced it had been hacked, though the contents of those conversations are unclear. Prosecutors alleged that Stone lied to Congress about his possession of any documents, emails, or text messages regarding his conversations about WikiLeaks and the hacked emails. Additionally, Stone falsely told Congress that he had not asked his intermediaries to communicate with Assange for him and lied about talking to the Trump campaign about his contacts with WikiLeaks, according to the indictment against him. “Evidence will show Roger Stone lied to the House Intelligence Committee because the truth looked bad. The truth looked bad for the Trump campaign and the truth",politics
"Former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said last week she believed the Russian state has a favorite in the Democratic primary. “I'm not making any predictions, but I think [the Republicans] got their eye on somebody who’s currently in the Democratic Party,” Clinton said to former Obama campaign manager David Plouffe on his podcast, Campaign HQ. “They're grooming her to be the third-party candidate. The favorite of the Russians. They have a bunch of sites and bots and ways of courting her so far, and that's assuming Jill Stein will give it up, because she's a Russian asset. Yeah, she's a Russian asset. Totally.” Clinton’s team later confirmed she was talking about Tulsi Gabbard. “If the nesting doll fits,” Clinton spokesperson Nick Merrill said. The Democratic representative from Hawaii swung back at Clinton on Friday, tweeting, “Great! Thank you @HillaryClinton. You, the queen of warmongers, embodiment of corruption, and personification of the rot that has sickened the Democratic Party for so long, have finally come out from behind the curtain.” There is no evidence that Gabbard is coordinating with the Kremlin or with an assortment of foreign dictators and extremists. At the same time, Gabbard has been consistently championed by Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad’s propaganda machine, an international network of pro-Trump Hindu nationalists, the American far right, and Russian state media. And if some of these forces are trying to use Gabbard as a cat’s-paw, it serves their purposes to cast her as an oppositional force to the so-called deep state, which is exactly what Clinton’s comments did. The narrative Clinton flirted with — a compromised candidate receiving direct support from a foreign government to disrupt an election — is hilariously old fashioned; The Manchurian Candidate is literally more than 50 years old. It is much easier for an adversary to find a chaotic politician and amplify them. Wrapping the American media up in paranoia about Russia",tech
"The Food and Drug Administration detected chemicals linked to cancer in in supermarket staples such as cooked meats and pineapple, the agency acknowledged Tuesday, and found the highest levels in chocolate cake with chocolate frosting. The agency tested for these “fluorinated” chemicals, also called “per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances,” or “PFAS” chemicals, because they are widely found in water-resistant packaging and consumer products, and used to manufacture them. “Overall, our findings did not detect PFAS in the vast majority of the foods tested,” the agency said in a statement. While the agency did not see “a food safety risk” in its sampling, it added, “current evidence suggests that the bioaccumulation of certain PFAS may cause serious health conditions.” About 610 locations in 43 states, serving an estimated 19 million people, have PFAS in the drinking water, according to the Environmental Working Group and the Social Science Environmental Health Research Institute at Northeastern University. These are often near chemical plants or near airports or military sites where fire-fighting foams containing the compounds are used in training exercises. For example, the agency also detected the chemicals in cows’ milk at a dairy in New Mexico and produce grown in North Carolina — both at sites where the chemicals have contaminated the drinking water. PFAS chemicals are currently largely unregulated, but the ubiquity of these “forever chemicals” in water systems has spurred a raft of legislation to monitor and restrict their use and release, and some states are taking steps to limit them in the water supply. The Environmental Protection Agency last year said it would consider monitoring and limiting some compounds in the water, and announced in February a road map to take steps toward that end. The FDA’s results mark the agency’s first foray into testing food products systematically for these chemicals, as well as from contaminated sites. Previously, the FDA has tes",science
"In the epilogue of Lisa Taddeo’s new book, Three Women, Taddeo recounts the last bit of advice her mother ever gave her: “Don’t let them see you happy.” “Who?” Taddeo asks. “Everyone,” says her mother. She’s tired. She’s on her deathbed. “Other women, mostly.” Three Women, a No. 1 New York Times bestseller this week, is a sprawling nonfiction account of three “ordinary” women’s sex lives, reported over nearly a decade. Taddeo bookends those narratives with personal stories about her mother, a beautiful Italian woman who grew up in poverty and whose own desire always seemed, to Taddeo, like “a strength or a weakness, but never its own pounding heart.” Now that her mother is gone, Taddeo will never know why her mother wanted what she wanted — if she even wanted much of anything at all. And thinking about her mother’s desire makes her reflect on what she, herself, has desired. “I think about how much I have wanted from men,” she writes. “How much of that wanting was what I wanted from myself, from other women, even; how much of what I thought I wanted from a lover came from what I needed from my own mother. Because it’s women, in many of the stories I’ve heard, who have greater hold over other women than men have. We can make each other feel dowdy, whorish, unclean, unloved, not beautiful.” It’s the cruelty of women toward other women that fuels the book’s most significant inquiry. But there’s plenty of male cruelty, too. Taddeo spent eight years embedding herself with three subjects from across the country, learning everything she possibly could about their hopes and fears, their most secret erotic selves. The result is a portrait of three women — all white, all (mostly) straight, all under the age of 50 — who have found themselves pulled into men’s orbits, only to be, at best, disappointed and disillusioned. At worst, they’ve nearly been annihilated. Taddeo writes in the prologue that she initially embarked upon her project — documenting “human desire” — with the int",reader
"Hundreds of women seeking surgical terminations in regional New South Wales will now have to go to Canberra, as the service they were accessing in Victoria will no longer take them as patients. Gateway Health service in Wodonga, Victoria was recently advised by Albury Wodonga Health that patients outside of the clinic's catchment area — specifically those travelling from Wagga Wagga and Griffith in New South Wales — could no longer have surgical abortions there. Julie Mecham of the Wagga Women's Health Centre previously referred women to the Fertility Control Clinic in Albury for terminations before that service shut last year. ""That was about 130km away and then when it shut down we became aware that they were performing surgical abortions at Gateway Health in Wodonga, and they were happy for us to refer women there,"" Mecham told BuzzFeed News. ""Now we need to refer women to Canberra and these hurdles just keep getting worse."" Mecham says Gateway Health had warned her centre that the number of women travelling from Wagga Wagga and surrounds was unsustainable for the service and they might soon have to shut those women out. ""That has finally happened and we became aware of it a few weeks ago,"" she said. Mecham said it isn't good enough that her city doesn't have a surgical abortion service. ""We are the largest inland city in New South Wales with a population over 64,000 people, a university, an army base and a large rural community,"" she said. ""There is a giant gap in services and this is an outstanding women's health issue."" Mecham will now refer women to the Marie Stopes Australia clinic in Canberra. ""That is a 500km round trip, and for women who face disadvantage that doubling of distance makes access even harder, and public transport to Canberra is not always a convenient option especially after a surgical procedure,"" she said. ""Even if they can afford to drive they will need to stay overnight, which means accommodation and bringing someone with them [to be disc",health
"When Deval Patrick decided against launching a campaign for president 11 months ago, he was still high from using his optimism-heavy political brand to campaign for candidates in the midterm elections. Most of the candidate events were small and on the weekends. Typically, he’d deliver a brief, motivational homily, before hanging back and letting the candidates, some he hardly knew, do their thing. It gave him the chance to catch up with old friends staffing him, like Jesse Mermell, a former aide who is now running for Congress. Before too long, he started thinking that his theory that he could be done in politics because the country would dismiss his aspirational tone as “happy talk” — which he floated nervously to friends in private — was incorrect. He was perhaps still punchdrunk from his travels and the bearing he felt when, inevitably, someone asked him about the presidency, only to be startled when he answered them intimately — not as the former two-term governor, but as a kid from the South Side of Chicago. Those personal conversations with voters around the country seem as good an explanation as any for what Patrick said about Joe Biden a year ago, as the former vice president was preparing a run for the White House and declared he was “the most qualified person in the country to be president.” With the pace of change, Patrick wondered, the range of challenges from all over the world, and an increasing number of Americans unsure about the economy and who feel that government is not responding to them, how could anyone profess to know the job of the presidency? Casually offering that he had spoken with Barack Obama about that topic the day after Biden made the declaration, Patrick told BuzzFeed News last December, “The strange thing about being president is you really can't know the job until you have it. You can imagine it, you can project yourself in it, [or] work nearby. But until you have to make those kinds of decisions and carry that kind of weight you ",politics
" A former top staffer at the Department of Homeland Security who had defended a version of the Donald Trump administration's travel ban recently began working at Google, according to company documents seen by BuzzFeed News. Miles Taylor, who previously served as chief of staff to former DHS secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, started at the search and advertising giant last month as a government affairs and public policy manager. His LinkedIn profile confirms the change, though he lists his title on the professional social network as ""head of national security policy engagement."" Google's relationship with Washington, DC, has become increasingly tense in recent months amid President Trump's continued attacks against the company for its alleged anti-conservative search bias and plans to operate in China. Meanwhile, outspoken Google employees have been pressuring the company to withdraw from certain government projects; in August, nearly 1,500 people signed a petition to demand that Google not bid on a US Customs and Border Protection cloud contract. CBP is overseen by DHS, Taylor’s old agency. Google's employment of Taylor — who previously argued in favor of what he called a “tough” but “tailored” version of a controversial Trump administration rule that barred visitors from six Muslim-majority countries — follows heavy criticism of the travel ban from Google’s senior leadership and cofounders. In January 2017, following the announcement of the original travel ban, Google cofounder Sergey Brin joined protesters at San Francisco International Airport to object to the policy, while Google CEO Sundar Pichai pointedly voiced his displeasure on Twitter and in an email to staff. Google declined to comment on Taylor’s hiring. Taylor did not respond to an emailed request for comment. A Politico newsletter announced his hire earlier this month. Documents seen by BuzzFeed News show that Taylor has been on the job for a little more than a month. His boss is Johanna Shelton, a longtime ",tech
It’s a crowded field in the Democratic presidential stakes. We’ve distilled their campaign Twitter accounts’ most frequently used two-word phrases. Can you match the word cloud to the candidate? ,science
"Since the election of “the Squad” — a group of first-term Democrats including Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Rashida Tlaib, Ayanna Pressley, and Ilhan Omar — the media, especially the right-wing media, has spent a lot of time obsessing over them. Everything about their political personas, the unapologetic way they talk about race and imperialism, and even the way they dress seems to spark headlines. More recently, Nancy Pelosi appeared to jump on the bash-the-Squad bandwagon. In the aftermath of a vote over border funding in June, Ocasio-Cortez criticized Pelosi’s role in approving the bill. “We didn’t even bother to negotiate,” Ocasio-Cortez told CNN at the time, calling the bill “completely irresponsible to the American people and to those kids on the border.” Pelosi retorted with now headline-making, dismissive comments about the Squad. “All these people have their public whatever and their Twitter world,” she told the New York Times’ Maureen Dowd earlier this month. “But they didn’t have any following. They’re four people and that’s how many votes they got.” Ocasio-Cortez then pointed out a pattern of Pelosi’s “explicit singling out of newly elected women of color,” even as they’re already targets of death threats and right-wing ire. Yet it was Ocasio-Cortez’s clapback that caused something of a firestorm. Folks from the liberal to the conservative side of the mainstream media defended Pelosi. And of course Trump jumped in to add his usual racist commentary — tweeting this past Sunday that the representatives should “go back” to their countries while calling Ocasio-Cortez’s comments about Pelosi racist, and later adding that they “hate our Country.” At a rally on Wednesday, he attacked Omar (who is black and Muslim) in particular, as the crowd chanted “send her back!” In some ways, the wider optics of this moment have been central to modern politics since the Clinton era. In the ’90s, black women thrust onto the central political stage — from Sister Souljah to Joycel",reader
"From threesome disasters, to public sex nightmares, to unfortunate big-dick experiences (and everything in between), here are the hilarious and shocking stories. ""One of my friends decided to try anal with her boyfriend... but her dad walked in while they were having sex. Her boyfriend pulled out super fast, which caused her to shit all over his dick/stomach/chest. Apparently the smell was so awful that he then started to throw up. Poor dad saw the whole damn thing."" —dreav488838245 I was in a threesome with two guys who happened to be friends. One of them insisted I blow him while riding the other one. He pushed my head really hard into him, right as he was about to cum, which made me choke and pull away. This made all of his cum spray right onto his buddy’s face, and a bit got into his mouth. I will always wondered if their friendship survived that sperm facial. —laurenh44b ""I dropped into my friend’s house to give her a birthday cake I spent all day making, and I saw my best friends having an orgy. I was so sad 'cause I was apparently the only one not invited. They said I could join in if I wanted, but you could tell no one really wanted me to, so I left them the cake and went to the cinema by myself instead."" —chocolate14 ""It was my 38th birthday and my friends and I took a bartender home. After things got hot, the dude said, 'You know what I’m really into? Getting eaten out.' My friend Denise wasn’t having it, but I’d done it before and this guy was 100% grade-A beef, so I agreed. He was on his back, and Denise was sitting on his face, so I started working from his balls, to his taint, to his backdoor. As I went to town, he suddenly sharted in my mouth. I immediately sterilized my mouth with a bottle of vodka and left. I haven’t seen any of them since."" —bageenadavis ""This guy and I were friends with benefits, and one day we were getting a little freaky. We decided to try anal, and I got poop on his dick. That's not even the worst part. For months, he had an in",health
"WASHINGTON — Sen. Chris Murphy attempted to pass a gun control package Thursday morning, watched it get blocked by Republicans, and then gave a speech about the need to do something about the regular mass shootings in America. He didn’t know until he walked out that another mass shooting had just happened, this time at a high school in California. “I found out as soon as I walked off the floor,” Murphy told BuzzFeed News. Two students were killed and several others were injured when a 16-year-old went on a shooting spree at a school in Santa Clarita on Thursday morning. Murphy had asked for the Senate to unanimously agree to pass universal background checks for firearms, as he’s done repeatedly for months. “The American public are not going to accept silence from the body week after week, month after month in the face of this epidemic carnage that is happening in this country,” he said. But even after news of the shooting spread through the Senate — Sen. Richard Blumenthal found out via a note from a staffer while he was giving a speech about gun violence — Murphy said he doesn’t believe it will change anything. “I wish this weren’t the case, but Republicans’ interest in working on guns is driven by casualties of 15 or more. It’s so awful that it works like this,” he said. “I don’t doubt that we’ll be back in a conversation about background checks, but it probably won’t happen until there’s another epic-scale shooting.” Some Republicans have long opposed the bill, arguing that universal background checks violate Second Amendment rights. Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith, the Republican who objected to Murphy trying to get a vote on the bill Thursday morning, argued that the legislation “should not be fast-tracked by the Senate.” “Many questions about this legislation need to be answered before it’s forced upon law-abiding gun owners,"" Hyde-Smith said. In September, House Democrats advanced three additional gun bills following mass shootings in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio, ",politics
"People are sharing dodgy and harmful legal advice in Facebook groups aimed at men going through separations, including encouraging users to illegally surveil their partners. There are several active Facebook groups filled with hundreds of men who are aggrieved at Australia’s Family Court system, and who regularly ask for advice on navigating legal proceedings. In posts found by BuzzFeed News, men are given amateur advice by other members to make video or audio recordings of their partners without their knowledge, to illegally record court proceedings, and to refuse to acknowledge the sovereignty of Australian law. Lawyers specialising in family law say users could risk criminal charges if they follow the advice offered by other members. The groups are usually private and centred on common themes such as opposition to Australia’s family law system, domestic violence against men, and father’s rights. They typically contain news stories about the Family Court and separated fathers, as well as misogynistic memes, posts complaining about ex-partners, and members seeking support and advice. Forte Family Lawyers partner and the Law Council of Australia’s Family Law Section’s immediate past chair Wendy Kayler-Thomson said the amateur legal advice offered in the groups should be avoided. ""The internet often contains outdated or misleading information about how the courts deal with family law cases, or what the law is on particular issues,"" Kayler-Thomson told BuzzFeed News in a statement. Kayler-Thomson reviewed five examples of posts in Facebook groups supplied by BuzzFeed News and found the advice given either ill-advised or promoted illegal activity. Posters regularly suggest men surveil their ex-partners without their knowledge to obtain evidence of their behaviour to use in court, or to contest accusations of family violence, even going so far as to recommend ""secret"" recording equipment to purchase. Kayler-Thomson said in most circumstances this is illegal and that the",tech
"As a black teenager in Compton, California, in the 1970s, Hiram Johnson began to wonder about his father’s fine curly hair, and the light-brown skin that strangers sometimes thought was white. Hiram knew only a few things about his father’s childhood. Fred Johnson was raised in Jackson, Mississippi, by his mother, Bernice. Fred said that Bernice was a “beautiful black woman,” but he never said a word about his father. All Hiram knew was that his grandfather probably wasn’t black. He often pestered his dad for more details. Do we have a mixed heritage? Who was this man? What did your mom ever say about it? But Fred wouldn’t budge. Over the next three decades, Hiram got married, had two daughters, and went into law enforcement, climbing the ranks at the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department. On a visit to Fred’s house one day in 2008, Hiram asked the usual questions about their roots. This time, the 79-year-old finally opened up. Fred said his mother, Bernice, had been convicted of killing a neighbor and served two years in the infamous Mississippi State Penitentiary, better known as Parchman Farm. She gave birth to him shortly after her release. So his father could have been anyone — another inmate, a guard, the warden, even the governor. Hiram was floored. That day, he launched what would turn into a decadelong hunt to identify his grandfather. After years of poring over state archives, court transcripts, and prison records, a genetic test last year finally gave him a definitive answer. Like millions of Americans mailing tubes of spit off to DNA testing companies, Hiram followed his genetic results to distant cousins and discomfiting family secrets. But unlike most of today’s amateur genealogists, Hiram also dug up evidence of two horrific crimes: one committed by his grandmother, the other by his grandfather. Both were deeply entangled in the racism and sexism of the 1920s American South. Both caused trauma that soaked down through generations. That pain, in subt",science
"In 2017, I received a fellowship that came with a preposterous gift: an empty year, mine to fill with whatever I consider my work. As the first installment of freedom slid into my bank account, my partner got a temporary job in the middle of the prairies where we didn’t know anyone. We drove 2,200 miles and moved into an Airbnb. I jerry-rigged a desk out of broken Ikea parts in the living room/eat-in kitchen, bought a $10 office chair off Craigslist that emitted impressive polyphonic screech-groans every time I moved, and told myself to write like no one was watching. No one was. I’ve always been a creature of habit, but that year — with what many would recognize as too much time on my hands — I became a kind of habit formation zealot. I drew and redrew borders around different activities, fine-tuning when and where and how to write, eat, move, sleep. Strategies that had helped me work in the past were elevated to sacred rites, codified into an evolving list of rules: I deployed technology to impair my other technology, rerouted my blood flow with headstands, inhaled essential oil mists, drew pictures of my plants. I sewed a fleece blanket into a “writing cape” with an enormous periphery-swallowing hood and started calling a precisely timed daily walk “taking my constitutional” — one of those moves that starts out ironic and then just becomes who you are. I wrote to a friend that I was learning to “build a day from scratch.” At one point, deep in the frostbitten winter, I dedicated a whole evening to an elaborate hand-drawn, color-coded account of how I would spend the coming week, detailed down to the minute. My rationale was that by prefabbing a week’s worth of decisions, I would save every iota of intuitive energy for the choices I make when I type words on pages. The exaggerated imposition of order on my freedom was, weirdly, intended to turbocharge my ability to work freely. And maybe this kind of military-precision scheduling would be a reasonable exercise for",reader
"""We have all known people who have tried for months and even years [to fall pregnant using IVF] and they've switched clinics and fallen pregnant,"" Griff told BuzzFeed News. ""But it is very difficult for you to determine which clinics are the good performers or poor performers because that information is kept from you."" On Thursday Griff gave a second reading of a motion calling for greater scrutiny of the IVF industry. The motion is yet to be debated or voted on. Griff believes an industry that is ""heavily propped up by taxpayers"" should operate with greater transparency. ""There are many operators who do the right thing and others who mislead,"" he said. The ""beauty of transparency"", Griff said, is that clinics with lower rates of success would either ""get out"" of the industry or lift their performance. ""When you have publicly accountable pregnancy rates, the best way to make a pregnancy rate look good is not to treat difficult patients,"" Molloy told BuzzFeed News. ""Those that are older, whose that have low egg counts, those that have a poor reproductive history... some clinics might decide not to help those patients. ""You have to make a decision: are you going to have a pregnancy rate centric clinic or a patient centric clinic?"" Molloy, who is also Queensland Fertility Group's medical director, said patients were already provided with an ""extensive amount of information"". ""To be fair, the IVF industry has, from 1975 onwards, funded an independent report with the result of every IVF cycle in Australia on an annual basis and the only bit missing from this reporting is the clinic specific pregnancy rates."" The report, a collaboration between the University of New South Wales' National Perinatal Epidemiology and Statistics Unit, is funded by the Fertility Society of Australia and provides a national overview of assisted reproduction treatment outcomes. It doesn't name the clinics but shows a general variability in clinic success rates — the most recent results from 2016",health
"This is an excerpt from The Stakes 2020, BuzzFeed News' newsletter about what really matters in the 2020 campaign. You can sign up here. Jim Himes is a six-term member of Congress from Connecticut’s prosperous southern coast and a senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee. He went a bit viral last week with an appearance on Meet the Press, where he yelled about Rand Paul and false equivalency and urged Democrats to keep it simple — just call it “corruption,” not a quid pro quo. On Wednesday during the hearing, he focused on that message: that Trump was engaged in “corruption.” We texted just after the hearing concluded. ",politics
"Despite Ottawa's widespread efforts to prevent online disinformation from distorting the election campaign, a website based in Buffalo, New York, has been freely posting viral stories about Canadian politicians that have no apparent basis in fact — and there’s nothing the Canadian government can do to stop it. Since the beginning of the year, the Buffalo Chronicle has published unsigned articles based on unnamed sources that allege backroom dealings at the highest levels of the Canadian government. Several of the stories have been deemed false or unsupported by news organizations, including the Agence France-Presse, which was contracted by Facebook to debunk fake news. The website is run by Matthew Ricchiazzi, 33, an Ivy League graduate who has sought office in several New York state elections but never got his name on the ballot. A BuzzFeed News–Toronto Star investigation has confirmed that Ricchiazzi once offered to publish positive or negative coverage of political candidates for a fee. He also placed ads on his website for individuals and businesses that had never heard of him. Ricchiazzi would not agree to an interview before next week’s election. However, in a reply to emailed questions, he wrote: “We report in good faith and would never knowingly publish a falsehood. We are confident in all of our reporting to date, and believe it reflects a fair articulation of information obtained from confidential sources.” Among the apparently uncorroborated stories published by the Buffalo Chronicle is one alleging former Supreme Court justice Frank Iacobucci “insisted” that former attorney general Jody Wilson-Raybould be kicked out of the cabinet. Another claims the former CEO of SNC-Lavalin and his wife fled Canada to avoid being arrested on bribery charges. The website found real success with its report earlier this month that Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau paid more than $2 million to suppress a report about sexual misconduct. Despite being debunked by the Star, Snope",tech
"WASHINGTON — Government scientists must stop research that uses human fetal tissue, the Department of Health and Human Services announced Wednesday in a series of new restrictions. The changes follow a monthslong agency review of medical research that involved fetal tissue that HHS announced in September. The administration cast the restrictions as part of President Donald Trump’s agenda to restrict abortion rights and remove protections for reproductive rights. In recent months, Trump has pushed to end health care nondiscrimination protections for those who have had abortions, moved to allow health care workers with a moral objection to abortion to refuse to perform the procedure, and pulled US funding from international aid groups that promote or perform abortions. “Promoting the dignity of human life from conception to natural death is one of the very top priorities of President Trump’s administration,” HHS said in a release Wednesday on the new fetal tissue restrictions. Research projects using fetal tissue that are funded by the National Institutes of Health, but conducted outside the federal government, will continue to the end of their grant terms, according to HHS. As part of the changes, new funding for projects that use fetal tissue will require additional approval from an ethics review board. The agency also announced the end of a contract at the University of California, San Francisco, related to fetal tissue research. Three active projects at the NIH, which funds $39 billion in biomedical research annually, will be affected by the new rules, an HHS spokesperson told BuzzFeed News. The spokesperson did not identify the research projects or indicate how much grant money was affected. The NIH referred questions to HHS. This announcement ended “a 30-year partnership with the NIH,” UC San Francisco chancellor Sam Hawgood said in a statement to BuzzFeed News. “UCSF exercised appropriate oversight and complied with all state and federal laws. We believe this d",science
"I don’t know what made me think the new Lion King was gonna slap. Disney has a terrible critical track record with these adaptations. Its most recent attempt was May’s truly garbage Aladdin, which I reviewed and which yielded some of the angriest reader mail of my entire career. (Sorry I didn’t like this movie meant for kids, Susan. You can still see it, it’s still perfectly legal; I’m not going to stop you, even though someone should!!!) Not a single one of Disney’s adaptations has been better than the animated originals, but nevertheless, the company persists — there’s the Maleficent sequel in October, Mulan next year, and The Little Mermaid eventually, once everyone accepts that sure, Ariel can be black because mermaids aren’t actually real, Jesus CHRIST. Can you blame them? These movies make real fuck-your-childhood money. Cinderella grossed just over a half billion dollars worldwide in 2015. The next year, The Jungle Book grossed just under a billion. The year after that, Beauty and the Beast actually made well over a billion dollars, which is the number of times I screamed when I found out how much money it made. And Aladdin is inching ever closer to the billion mark after opening just two months ago. A billion dollars for a movie about a liar! Of course Disney keeps doing this to us. There was no reason for me to think that The Lion King was going to be good, but I was convinced it would be anyway. I believed it for months before the movie came out, I believed it when I watched the trailer and there were whispers that surely, this would be bad; there’s no way to watch a bunch of big cats talk without it seeming surreal and creepy. I believed it when my colleagues came back from advanced screenings and told me, Scaachi, no, it does not slap. I believed it even in spite of the reviews, which have stated, almost defiantly, that The Lion King does not slap. “There is a lot of professionalism but not much heart,” wrote the New York Times. “The closer the movie get",reader
"Hilary wrote, ""She has enough hair for a pony! Oh, and, yes, we pierced her ears."" Hilary Duff recently shared this adorable photo of her 8-month-old daughter Banks on her IG Story. And while I couldn't help but gush over her chic new hairstyle and cute clothes, there was a different topic of discussion happening in Hilary's comments: her daughter's pierced ears. After breaking the news of her daughter's piercings on her IG Story, Hilary later posted this photo of Banks to her grid, which caused quite a stir in the comments. One follower couldn't believe Hilary would cause Banks such ""a tremendous amount of pain and discomfort."" Another focused on how the piercing might've been administered. A follower unfollowed Hilary after seeing the post. And one follower even accused her of ""child abuse."" But despite the backlash, there were tons of fans who supported Hilary, like this follower who admitted she was never ""traumatized"" after getting her ears pierced. This follower who said her 3-month-old child was fast asleep while getting pierced. Or this follower who was confused by all the mom shaming. And this one who believed the real ""abuse"" was coming from the ""keyboard warriors"" and their online bullying. Hilary has yet to speak out about the debate that erupted in her comments.",health
"From the very first questions that Republicans asked in the first public hearing in the impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump on Wednesday, it was clear that a core part of the proceedings will not be about determining whether the president committed an impeachable offense. Instead, it will be an example of the damage that years of right-wing misinformation has done to the highest levels of the country’s political system. Many of the questions from the House Intelligence Committee left Bill Taylor, the acting ambassador to Ukraine, and George Kent, a senior state department official, in disoriented silence. In their opening statements, both Rep. Adam Schiff, the Democratic chair of the Intelligence Committee, and the committee’s vice chair, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, brought up elements of the prominent, but baseless, CrowdStrike conspiracy theory that a cybersecurity firm attempted to cover up evidence that Ukraine tried to meddle in the 2016 presidential election. Whereas Schiff’s questions seemed framed to establish that Trump and his allies spent years chasing rumors, Nunes and the other Republicans on the Intelligence Committee staked much of their time on nonsense yanked from conservative Facebook groups and hyperpartisan news sites. “Trump then requested that Zelensky investigate a discredited 2016 CrowdStrike conspiracy theory and, even more ominously, look into the Bidens,” Schiff said. “Neither of these investigations was in the US national interest.” ""This is a carefully orchestrated media smear campaign,"" Nunes said. ""Now they accuse Trump of malfeasance in Ukraine, when they themselves are culpable."" There is one America that believes what was in former FBI director Robert Mueller’s report, that there was coordinated Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, which helped the Trump campaign. But there is a second America that believes that in the summer of 2016, the Democratic National Committee colluded with Ukrainian nationals",politics
"This week while promoting his new book, Trailblazer, Salesforce founder and co-CEO Marc Benioff went on a bit of a rampage. He railed against Facebook (“the new cigarettes”), Section 230 (“we need to abolish”), and the public sector (“As governments fiddle, there are steps that business can take”). But on the very same day Benioff called for Section 230 to be abolished, his lawyers cited it while defending the company in a lawsuit in which Salesforce is accused of providing its tools to Backpage for use in sex trafficking. It was one of a series of gaps between Benioff’s reality and rhetoric that raised questions of whether he knew what his company was doing, or if he was simply ignoring it for the sake of publicity. Benioff’s opposition to Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act — which allows technology platforms to moderate their services without being held liable for the content their users post there — is puzzling. “Facebook is a publisher,” Benioff said in a tweet on Wednesday. “We need to abolish section 230 Indemnifying them.” Without Section 230, Facebook might succumb to death by lawsuit‚ but Salesforce might too. On Wednesday, as Benioff was sending his tweet, Salesforce lawyers were citing the piece of legislation in their defense of a lawsuit against the company. “Salesforce objects to the Requests on the ground that it is entitled to federal immunity from suit under section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, 47 U.S.C. § 230, with respect to the claims in this action,” Salesforce’s lawyers wrote in a response to a discovery motion in a case in Harris County, Texas, one of seven lawsuits it’s dealing with regarding Backpage. In all seven cases, Salesforce has claimed protection under Section 230, Annie McAdams, the lead trial lawyer for the plaintiffs, told BuzzFeed News. “If Salesforce had any legitimate concern about the abuse of the [Communications Decency Act], it should have not supported serial abusers of the CDA. For example, while state",tech
"Former CDC director Tom Frieden settled charges of sexual harassment made last year with a guilty plea to disorderly conduct on Tuesday in a Brooklyn courthouse. The violation plea brings to a close a case that saw the former head of a federal health agency and the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene arrested on sex abuse, forcible touching, and harassment charges last August. All the initial charges were dropped with Tuesday’s agreement, according to the Brooklyn District Attorney’s Office, as is common in plea agreements. Frieden, 58, declined to comment on the plea to BuzzFeed News. Last year’s arrest followed a court complaint by a 55-year-old Brooklyn woman that Frieden squeezed her butt without her consent at his apartment in 2017. The violation plea includes a one-year order for Frieden to avoid contact with the woman. A violation is not a crime, so he will not have a criminal record, and after a year without incident, the violation would be dismissed from public records, according to the DA’s office. Frieden led US efforts in the middle of the decade to halt a dangerous Ebola outbreak in West Africa, and today heads a $225 million, 5-year public health initiative aimed at combating heart disease and epidemics worldwide. Tom Frieden exits Brooklyn Criminal Court in 2018.",science
"We’re so excited to announce Trust Exercise as BuzzFeed Book Club’s August read! Susan Choi’s stirring novel studies the inner machinations of an elite performing arts high school in the 1980s — focusing at first on the romance of two first-year students, Sarah and David, and then expanding to reveal a dark undercurrent connecting the students; Mr. Kingsley, the manipulative head of theater arts; and a visiting British theater troupe. Read a chapter below, and join us next month as we dive into the book — posing questions, sharing opinions, and interacting directly with author Susan Choi. In the future, Joelle will run away. She will simply disappear, halfway through senior year. Rumors will abound of her reasons, her means, her location. Her father beat her with a belt and a stick and tied her to a tree; she’d been sent to live with him by her mother, for being too wild. Her father has the FBI looking for her, he has doors broken down, Joelle’s spotted all sorts of places: Tampa; Waikiki; New York; the background of the Aerosmith video for “Love in an Elevator,” in which she is said to be one of the dancers. Confirmation of any of this awaits a farther future than the one in which she runs away. In the future, Pammie will decide to be an astronaut. It’s no frivolous decision, though she’s remained, to her grief, overweight. She must go back to school and learn physics. After physics, a diet. In the future, Taniqua will become one of the most recognizable television actresses on earth. She’ll play a cop on a long-running show about rookie cops growing and changing in the course of becoming experienced cops. Taniqua will play the absolutely humorless female cop, whose awful past (of course), full of poverty and abuse and incarcerated fathers and drug-addicted mothers and shot-to-death brothers, accounts for her absolute humorlessness. Her old classmates, from her youth, will hardly believe it’s bright, sassy Taniqua who’s playing that humorless cop. They’ll keep thin",reader
"""My grandpa during his entire life: I don't like dogs and I don't want them in my house.  ""It's been two years since I adopted a dog and took it home even though no wanted it. ""My grandpa for two years:"" ""My grandma: I don't want any cats here. I don't like the hair. ""Also my grandma:"" ""My grandpa: I don't want animals in the house. Also my grandpa:"" ""Grandpa Bob: I don't want cats in this house. ""Also Grandpa Bob:"" This grandpa who had good reason to go knocking on some doors: This grandma who just wanted to dance: These grandparents who make sure their cat feels included: This grandma who gave a lucky turtle some warmth: This grandpa who should just admit his love for cats now: This grandpa who's shifting to the right side of history: This grandpa who found a cuddle partner: This grandpa who has quite the family now: This grandpa who moved his dislike for cats aside when one was in need: This grandma who looked off into the distance with her kitty: This grandma who didn't take long to fall in love: This grandpa who pet their buddy from a distance: This grandma who shared some couch space with her bestie: This grandma who opened her heart up to this baby: And finally, this grandpa who made sure to stock up for his best bud:",health
"WASHINGTON — Just over 20 years ago, Rep. Pete King, a New York Republican, broke from his party and voted against impeaching President Bill Clinton. King, now 75, plans to vote no on another impeachment right before he exits Congress. On Wednesday morning, King was waiting in his office for the live impeachment hearings to start, tilting his head to look past me at the big-screen TV every now and then. King, who said he’s supporting President Donald Trump’s reelection and voting against impeachment, thinks he’s on the side of the general public. “I think the average person thinks it was wrong to impeach Bill Clinton,” he said. “And I think that — unless something dramatic comes out or President Trump does something else — they’re going to say this was an overreach by the Democrats.” Flanked by photos of his daughter standing with former president Richard Nixon and dozens of other framed photos of Democratic and Republican politicians, King partially blamed a climate of peak partisanship for his decision to retire next year. “That’s a good example of how people started getting crazy then,” King told BuzzFeed News, pointing to a 1997 photo of him and then-president Clinton. “He invited me to a Super Bowl party at the White House. The right wing went crazy. Talk radio was attacking me. I was a traitor. How could I be in the same room as Bill Clinton? I mean, if President Obama invited me to a Kwanzaa party, I’d go. I mean, you just do it, you know?” The way he tells it, things have gotten worse. Two days earlier, King announced he wouldn’t run for reelection after serving 28 years in the House of Representatives. Hours later, Sen. Chuck Schumer, a Democrat, put out a tribute in honor of the outgoing representative and praised his bipartisanship. The statement was met with backlash from the left, urging the senator to “delete this, Schumer” and quote tweets that said, ""SERIOUSLY SCHUMER?"" “It means that we are much more divided than we ever were as a country,” King sai",politics
"Rudy Giuliani denied in an interview with BuzzFeed News Friday that he could have been manipulated by Turkish disinformation. “I don't worry about propaganda,” Giuliani, the former mayor of New York City and a lawyer working for President Donald Trump, told BuzzFeed News, despite having championed similar kinds of misinformation in the past, a claim which he denied: “Half of what's written is not true.” He also alluded to an organized effort to discredit him. “It's really being done because there's a concerted effort to destroy my credibility, because I had the audacity to bring up all this corruption of the Democratic Party. Honestly, I don't know why half the rumors start,” he said, before offering a guess. “People don't like you. People are trying to hurt you.” Giuliani has been relatively quiet this week, following two weeks of nonstop calls with journalists and TV appearances. When reached by BuzzFeed News, an assistant named Megan answered the phone, saying she needed to get him “out of a meeting,” before putting him on the phone. This week the Washington Post reported that in 2017, Giuliani pushed for the extradition of Muslim Turkish cleric Fethullah Gülen from Pennsylvania to Turkey. The Republican was reportedly so intense about the matter that senior administration officials specifically asked him not to bring up Turkish issues with Trump. Giuliani denied advocating for Gülen’s extradition, calling the Post’s report a “malicious and totally ridiculous rumor.” “Not only was I not interested, I didn't want him extradited. It would have hurt me if he was extradited,” Giuliani said. The extradition of Gülen has been a goal for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for years. It’s likely that Giuliani’s reported fixation on the cleric may have been inspired at least in part from Turkish-sponsored trolls on anonymous message boards pushing an anti-Erdogan narrative, which was then picked up by conservative media in the United States. Giuliani has denied that h",tech
"Democratic presidential frontrunner Joe Biden on Tuesday released his highly anticipated plan for tackling the climate emergency, pledging to make the US a climate leader again and to push the rest of the world on tackling the crisis. The former vice president is the latest, and highest-profile, Democrat to release a comprehensive climate policy, a sign that the issue of climate change continues to heat up in the 2020 elections. The new policy follows weeks of criticism, questions, and speculation by the climate community about Biden’s plans, and it features ideas highlighted by other candidates. Ever since a campaign adviser was quoted last month saying Biden supported a “middle ground” approach to climate change, which the campaign then denied, pressure has been mounting for him to clearly define his climate strategy. In the weeks that followed, Biden’s ducked questions from youth activists about supporting a climate debate and from the press about his climate policies generally. With little information to go off of, the environmental group Greenpeace recently gave Biden a D– on climate in their candidate ranking on the issue, and the policy and consulting group Climate Advisers ranked Biden second to last. Biden’s new 22-page plan, just the second detailed policy rollout of his campaign, answers some of that criticism. Greenpeace’s climate campaign director, in announcing the group’s candidate evaluations, said, “In 2020, true climate leadership means nothing less than saying ‘yes’ to a Green New Deal and ‘no’ to fossil fuels.” Biden is moving in the direction of both of those positions with his new plan. Biden, his campaign said in its policy summary, “believes the Green New Deal is a crucial framework for meeting the climate challenges we face,” saying the idea’s “ambition on an epic scale” and connection of the economy with the environment are “core” to his proposal. Many pieces of Biden’s plan ring similar to the proposals put out by other Democratic 2020 can",science
"There’s a scene in the pilot episode of HBO’s Euphoria that is, pun intended, hard to shake off. A young girl named Jules (played by trans actor Hunter Schafer) giddily shows up to meet an older man she’d first contacted online. Stoic about the soulless life he leads in this small town, the unnamed older man (Cal, we later learn, played by Eric Dane) takes pleasure in ordering around the young nubile girl with pink-tinged long blonde hair. As he talks to her, the camera focuses on her face. Remaining standing, his face obscured by the camera’s framing, he begins to push his fingers into her mouth, asking her to open wider. The dreamy eeriness of the moment makes the shot that follows all the more jarring: As Jules (just in her underwear) remains seated on the bed in the background, we see the man putting a condom on his hardened penis. The frame keeps Jules in focus, allowing the full frontal nudity in front of us to remain in soft focus. Beyond the rarity of this image, there is a lot of weighted cultural baggage in this blurry shot of Dane’s (prosthetic) dick. Many scenes in Sam Levinson’s Euphoria, which premiered on June 16, seem intent on shocking its viewers. (And write-ups of the show were happy to harp on the drama’s provocativeness, noting the presence of “close to 30 penises” in one scene.) Euphoria is narrated by Rue Bennett (Zendaya), a 17-year-old who recently overdosed and is just returning home after a stint in rehab. Slowly introducing us to her various classmates (and their idiosyncratic histories, sexual and otherwise), Rue offers us a glimpse into a world where dick pics, sex tapes, stolen opioids, underage sex, and cam sessions are a quotidian part of the 21st-century high school experience. Priding itself on frankly depicting these various issues, the show manages to make provocative television that skirts (and at times treads over) the line of propriety. Its central guiding metaphor, as its title suggests, may be the pleasures and perils of dru",reader
"Earlier this year, Danielle Fishel and her husband Jensen Karp shared a huge announcement with fans: They were expecting their first child together! Today, Danielle shared an update on her pregnancy journey, revealing she gave birth to son Adler Lawrence Karp on June 24, one month before her due date. ""One week ago today, on 6/24 at 4:52am, Adler Lawrence Karp made his entrance into the world, 4 weeks early."" ""My water broke on 6/20. I was hospitalized that night and put on magnesium sulfate because Adler was only 35 weeks old."" ""Unfortunately, after doing an ultrasound, our amazing OB discovered fluid in his lungs and thus we entered a nightmare we'll never forget."" Danielle revealed Adler is still in the NICU (Neonatal Intensive Care Unit) where doctors and nurses are hard at work to determine why the fluid is in his lungs and the best way to remove it. Although they ""are THRILLED Adler is here and want to shout it from the rooftops,"" Danielle admits they can't help but feel ""helpless,"" ""powerless,"" and ""useless"" during this tough time. But despite those feelings, Danielle and Jensen already have a million and one reasons to gush over baby Adler, like his love for bath time and having the cutest sneeze they've ever heard. Danielle and Jensen hope to share more news about their ""miracle"" baby once he's officially home.",health
"Former Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick is telling top Democrats that he plans to make a last-minute entrance into the presidential race, two sources told BuzzFeed News. In conversations, Patrick has suggested part of the reason he is deciding to jump in now is that he is concerned about the trajectory of former vice president Joe Biden's campaign, sources said. Patrick, a close ally of former President Barack Obama and his advisers, spent much of the summer and fall of 2018 preparing a presidential campaign before deciding that he would not actually run. At the time he told BuzzFeed News he would work to help candidates looking to defeat President Donald Trump. ""The candidate we want to emerge, that we hope and pray to emerge, is somebody who knows him or herself pretty well and is going to stay grounded and open and listening to everybody with an open heart,"" he said last December. Patrick has been surveying the primary intently since then. In the nearly year since, he has come to a different conclusion about what he should do, not because he feels the field lacks talent, but instead because of a sense that the Democrats in the race have so far failed to present a clear case for optimism. Without that in place, a former Patrick adviser said, Patrick must see a path that emphasizes a vision of American governance that would heal the country after Trump, not further divide it. A top Democrat who spoke with Patrick in recent weeks told BuzzFeed News that Patrick now regrets not jumping into the race when he had a clear opportunity. In a race where even the most optimistic of candidates have struggled to gain traction, Patrick’s advisers have faith in his ability to hit the ground running speaking from the heart. Last fall, several former senior Obama administration and campaign officials told BuzzFeed News they would be ready to support Patrick should he run. Patrick, who ended his time as governor in 2015, had also considered running for president in 2016. Patri",politics
"Rudy Giuliani, the lawyer and former Republican mayor of New York who has been amplifying misinformation to Republican President Donald Trump, has more than just one favorite online conspiracy. His obsession with the utterly unfounded theory that Democrats colluded with Ukrainian nationals to delegitimize Trump's 2016 presidential win is only Giuliani's latest flight of fancy. It is predated by another that is equally ridiculous: that a 78-year-old Muslim cleric named Fethullah Gülen used a global network of followers to conspire with Hillary Clinton to influence the 2016 presidential campaign. At one point in 2017, according to the Washington Post, senior administration officials asked Giuliani specifically not to bring up Turkish issues — like Gülen’s status in the US — when he met with Trump. Giuliani’s Turkish “hobby horse,” as one former official described it, is far from a random international political figure, though. Gülen is an important node in a tangled web of far-right paranoia. Giuliani told BuzzFeed News that he has never pushed for Gülen's extradition, even though the Washington Post reported otherwise. Nevertheless, understanding why Giuliani was so obsessed with him means understanding how state-sponsored Turkish trolls were able to hijack American right-wing media in 2016 — and may do so again this time around. As we saw with the way doubts about a cybersecurity firm hired by Democrats in 2016 evolved into an unfounded global criminal conspiracy, these ideas can take form in strange ways, but typically follow a pattern. They start in an anonymous community, which may have been infiltrated by state actors, where the narrative develops in fits and starts. It’s then aggregated by viral news publishers, who transmit a refined version of the narrative back to the community (as well as amplifying it to a bigger audience), who mutates it further. Here’s how, between 2016 and 2017, this all fell into place around an obscure Turkish cleric. Gülen, born in 1",tech
"The most prestigious scientific organization in the US has voted to allow members to be expelled for sexual harassment and other forms of misconduct. The new bylaw amendment, announced Monday, allows any person to present evidence that a member of the National Academy of Sciences has breached its code of conduct, which bans “discrimination, harassment, and bullying,” as well as scientific misconduct, such as plagiarism and data falsification. A decision on expulsion will then be taken by the academy’s 17-member governing council. The expulsion procedure was put to the academy’s 2,242 voting members, who approved it by 84% to 16%. (Under its rules, the Academy won’t reveal how many votes were actually cast.) “The lead up to this vote has been nearly a year-long effort,” NAS president Marcia McNutt told BuzzFeed News by email. “Given the careful thought and work that has gone into reaching this point, it is certainly a good feeling to see the change to our governance accomplished.” Getting into the National Academy of Sciences, founded in 1863, is seen as one of the highest honors in science. Until now, there has been no procedure for revoking membership. But pressure has been growing to create one after several members were disciplined by their employers for sexual misconduct. They include astronomer Geoff Marcy of the University of California, Berkeley, evolutionary biologist Francisco Ayala of the University of California, Irvine, and neuroscientist Thomas Jessell of Columbia University in New York, who died last month. And the former editor of the academy’s flagship journal PNAS, cancer geneticist Inder Verma, resigned from the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in La Jolla, California, last year, after eight women accused him of sexual harassment. Members of the academy average 72 years of age, and more than 80% of them are men. “I’m excited,” Kate Clancy, an anthropologist at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and a member of the National Academi",science
"Like all dating reality show franchises, MTV’s Are You the One? has a shtick. A bunch of young singles are thrown together in a house, set in the kind of tropical paradise required for finding true love on television. The twist: Using old-school matchmaking techniques and complex algorithms, dating experts have paired the housemates with their supposed “ideal” mates, but neither the cast nor the viewers know the matches. The housemates themselves have to figure out the “true love” couplings by undertaking a bunch of elaborate activities. The cast enacts physical embodiments of the hell of dating, such as races where participants jump over obstacles labeled with problems like “fear of commitment.” Winners of these challenges are rewarded with one-on-one dates and the opportunity to vote on whom they think is a “true” pair. If they figure out all the correct pairings before the end of the season, the housemates will win a million dollars. For the past seven seasons, the men have been paired with women, and women with men. But in the current, eighth, iteration of the show, which debuted June 26, MTV flipped the shtick by including only sexually fluid participants who are attracted to all genders, so that, in the parlance of promotional materials, anything goes! Despite the somewhat sensationalizing premise and its potential land mines, the resulting show — four episodes in — is already one of the more provocative entries in reality dating TV, where queerness has previously been treated as the topic of a “special episode” add-on or as a scandalous plot twist. The concept of sexual fluidity itself is often deployed in reality TV as a strategy through which shows can hint at queerness for mainstream viewers — without actually exploring queer culture outside a straight gaze. Now Are You the One? is challenging the dating genre’s conventions, foregrounding experiences and conversations about love, desire, and relationships from a nonheteronormative perspective that, in toda",reader
"Giving birth is a beautiful thing...and sometimes it doesn't happen vaginally, people! People who've had C-sections gave birth, too. So this post is for them! We want to celebrate all the C-section mamas and their beautiful postpartum bodies... ...because recovery can be hard. And painful. Especially when your body is trying to heal while taking care of and carrying kiddos all around. Some C-sections are even performed vertically. So, share your beautiful, post-baby C-section bellies with us. It's time to honor your strength and what your body can do! Submit your photos via the dropbox below and you could be featured in an upcoming BuzzFeed Community post!",health
"WASHINGTON — For nearly two months, Republicans in Congress have been arguing that impeachment hearings — if they had to be held at all — needed to be held publicly. The depositions going on behind closed doors, they argued, were a “Soviet-style impeachment inquiry” happening in a “chamber of secrets.” On Wednesday, their wish was granted. At 10 a.m., live on television, the first public hearings of the impeachment inquiry began. By lunchtime, the new GOP line had emerged: The hearings are boring. “I don’t know about you, but it’s hard for me to stay awake and listen to all of this,” Rep. Mark Meadows, a close ally of President Donald Trump’s, told reporters when he emerged from the room just before 12:30 p.m. “This is horribly boring... #Snoozefest,” Eric Trump, the president’s son, tweeted about two hours into the hearing. Breitbart, a far-right website, proclaimed it on its homepage. “BORING: 90 MINUTES BEFORE QUESTIONS BEGIN,” it read. “First Hour Fail: Democrats’ ‘Blockbuster’ Opening Hour Fizzles.” White House press secretary Stephanie Grisham tweeted, “This sham hearing is not only boring, it is a colossal waste of taxpayer time & money,” noting that Trump was “working” rather than watching the hearings and “the dems should follow his lead!” Trump, for his part, said he was “too busy to watch it,” he told reporters, though his Twitter account was active and retweeting Republican supporters in Congress who were defending him. [The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.] There was at least one bombshell moment in the early hours of testimony and questioning, however. For the first time, Bill Taylor, the top US diplomat in Ukraine, revealed that a member of his staff overheard Trump on the phone with Gordon Sondland, the US ambassador to the European Union, asking about “",politics
"During Tuesday night’s Democratic presidential debate, one candidate after another came out in support of Universal Basic Income. Leading off was Andrew Yang, the tech entrepreneur who’s built his campaign on the idea of giving a “freedom dividend” of $12,000 per year — guaranteed income, no strings attached — to every adult American. Then, while discussing automation, former Housing and Urban Development secretary Julián Castro said he’d support a trial of UBI too. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard agreed, calling a guaranteed income a “good idea.” When the evening was over, it was evident that Universal Basic Income — once a hobby horse among tech thinkers mapping out how to bolster workers left behind by technological change — is perhaps becoming something it hasn’t been since the Nixon administration: mainstream. But now that the current is picking up, UBI is swimming upstream in an unlikely place: Silicon Valley itself. “UBI is a worthwhile thing to consider, but I just don’t know if it will work,” one tech investor, who requested anonymity to speak freely, told BuzzFeed News. “I do worry about the ramifications, one of them is the slippery slope.” If people can vote themselves $12,000 per year, the argument goes, they’ll soon vote themselves $24,000, and then more, until the incentive to produce competitive companies falls away completely. In Silicon Valley, where capitalists hold incentives sacred, a growing number of people are concerned that a potential solution to the economic system’s problems may destroy the system itself. “You're creating a slippery slide transfer straight into socialism,” Naval Ravikant, a prominent tech investor, said of Yang’s UBI plan in a June podcast interview with Joe Rogan. “The moment people can start voting themselves money, combined with a democracy, it's just a matter of time before the bottom 51 votes themselves everything in the top 49.” “Maybe UBI recipients don't get to vote at all,” Patri Friedman, chair of the Seasteading Institute, ",tech
"An outspoken campaigner against sexual harassment in science is facing a crisis of leadership at MeTooSTEM, the volunteer organization she founded last year to support victims and hold perpetrators and institutions accountable. Since November, seven members of the leadership team have resigned, citing concerns about the behavior of its founder, BethAnn McLaughlin, a neuroscientist at Vanderbilt University in Nashville. In their resignation letters, former MeTooSTEM leaders said that McLaughlin kept them in the dark about key decisions and reacted with hostility when they asked about the small organization’s finances and legal structure. They also worried that McLaughlin had alienated allies through her combative tweets. “There have been several instances where supporters of MeTooSTEM have been upset by the tenor of your tweets, up to and including blocking you or being blocked by you,” wrote Julie Libarkin, an environmental scientist at Michigan State University who has compiled a database of more than 770 academic sexual misconduct cases, and Tisha Bohr, a biology postdoctoral researcher at Cornell University, in their resignation email sent in November. “Some of them, victims themselves, have reached out to us for clarification and support ... putting us in an impossible position of trying to support victims as well as you and the movement,” the message continued. The most recent three departures, on April 24, included the only two women of color on the MeTooSTEM leadership team. “We … felt that white leadership input was prioritized over our own,” wrote Deanna Arsala, a biology graduate student at the University of Illinois at Chicago, and Vidhya Sivakumaran, a former biophysicist who now works for a health informatics company. MeTooSTEM was formed after a string of sexual harassment scandals involving leading scientists, amid growing recognition that sexual and gender harassment is a pervasive problem in science. The rifts within the organization come against th",science
"Responses have been edited for clarity and length. ""A strong female character along with a very interesting setting and excellent writing made for an excellent read during vacation downtime!"" —xavierg226 Get it from Amazon or Barnes & Noble for $15.60. ""It's a retelling of the classic Greek myth but from Patroclus' point of view. It stretches from when they were childhood friends to growing up together and getting to Troy and discovering their love for each other. It's romantic, adventurous, and you won't be able to put it down before finishing it!"" —donutella94 Get it from Amazon for $15.29 or Barnes & Noble for $15.75. ""It's unique, humorous, mysterious, and puts beloved fictional characters in a new light!"" —dreamer45688 Get it from Amazon for $9.31 or Barnes & Noble for $15.29. ""If you’re going anywhere sunny and beautiful, this is the book for you! It spans modern-day Los Angeles to 1950s Italy and it’s so dreamy."" —katieg77 Get it from Amazon for $11.45 or Barnes & Noble for $15.29. ""It's an amazing book with parallel stories of a grandmother in Cuba in the '50s and her granddaughter traveling to Cuba for the first time in present day. It feels like you are really there with the characters and was the perfect vacation read. I even braved car sickness to finish it on the road trip home! It's my go-to recommendation for everyone now."" —kybe3 Get it from Amazon for $11.93 or Barnes & Noble for $12.75. ""My best vacation read is one that I picked up at a local bookstore on said vacation. I gift this book to everyone for Christmas. It’s an intense psychological thriller that leaves you wanting more. It starts off a bit slow but the good kind of slow that you just don’t want to put down because you are dying to know what this all leads up to. This book messed with my head and almost four years later I still think about it at least once a week. I recommend Yates’s books to everyone! They will be your favorite vacation, summer, fall, winter, spring and holiday reads."" ",reader
"Special thanks to Grey Van Pelt, Sami Housman, and, of course, Nyle DiMarco. You probably recognize him from his winning seasons on America's Next Top Model (2015) and Dancing with the Stars (2016). He's also an actor, an activist for the deaf community, and the star of most people's sexual fantasies. As someone who's always struggled with body image issues, I often think about the way men are portrayed in the media. We're constantly being sold a fantasy body and lifestyle that doesn't always match our own. As a result, we put a lot of pressure on what the ""ideal"" body is supposed to look like. To be honest, I've been struggling at the gym recently, and this fitness challenge is a selfish way to help hold myself more accountable. But there's also a much more personal element to the project. When I was younger I had a really bad speech impediment known as a block stutter. Whenever I opened my mouth to speak, the words physically wouldn't come out. I went to a lot of speech therapy and even refused to talk for a while. I still have the stutter today, though it's gotten much better. In fact, most people who I work with probably don't even know I have the stutter (I constantly change my words around when speaking, and sometimes I ""pretend"" to forget what I was going to say, just so people won't catch on). Still, things like talking on the phone and ordering at a restaurant can be super difficult for me. I wish I wasn't embarrassed about it, but I am. My main objective for this fitness challenge is to be as service-y as possible to you, the reader. I want to show you exactly what might happen if you decide to follow the workouts and meal plan. Obviously everyone's bodies and experiences are different, but consider this article an open and honest testimony about my journey. Here's what happened. I've done a lot of fitness challenges for BuzzFeed – from training like a professional gymnast to doing 100 pull-ups a day for 30 days – but this challenge is going to be totally ",health
"WASHINGTON — The House of Representatives is set to hold its first public hearings as part of its impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump Wednesday, where Intelligence Committee members will question witnesses about the still-unfolding Ukraine saga at the heart of the investigation. Since officially launching the inquiry in September, Democrats have been solely focused on Ukraine, setting aside earlier investigations related to former special counsel Robert Mueller’s report and dismissing other allegations against Trump — including sexual assault and other misconduct. But as the investigation has barreled forward, progressive activists and left-leaning members of Congress have argued that, when the inquiry concludes and it comes time to write articles of impeachment, the resolution should be more expansive than just Ukraine and written to include earlier investigations, violations of the emoluments clause, and the president’s history of racism. In a Dear Colleague letter released Tuesday morning, Intelligence Chair Adam Schiff outlined the three questions the committee will aim to answer in the public hearings: 1. Did the President request that a foreign leader and government initiate investigations to benefit the President’s personal political interests in the United States, including an investigation related to the President’s political rival and potential opponent in the 2020 U.S. presidential election? 2. Did the President—directly or through agents—seek to use the power of the Office of the President and other instruments of the federal government in other ways to apply pressure on the head of state and government of Ukraine to advance the President’s personal political interests, including by leveraging an Oval Office meeting desired by the President of Ukraine or by withholding U.S. military assistance to Ukraine? 3. Did the President and his Administration seek to obstruct, suppress or cover up information to conceal from the Congress and the America",politics
"In late November 2018, Asher Burke gathered his employees in their San Diego office and laid out a vision for how Ads Inc. was going to become an e-commerce powerhouse. The tanned and muscular 27-year-old CEO detailed plans to merge the company he founded in 2015 with another e-commerce company, and hire 20 or so new employees with expertise in developing products, such as electric toothbrushes and hair extensions, to be sold online. The goal was to “build a company that is a digital assembly line of brands that would appeal to every single person in this room,” he said in a recording obtained by BuzzFeed News, calling it “a really exciting vision worth getting up in the morning for and sinking your teeth into.” At the time, Ads Inc. was a growing business with tens of millions of dollars in annual revenue and roughly 20 people in its San Diego office. And Burke — a politically connected entrepreneur who had served as deputy political director of the Republican Party of San Diego — was its founder, CEO, and mastermind. There was just one problem: Ads Inc.’s business was a massive Facebook scam, and it had little, if any, expertise in legitimate e-commerce. Since 2015, Ads Inc. has made money — lots of it — by executing one of the internet’s most persistent, lucrative, and sophisticated scams: the subscription trap. The subscription trap works by tricking people into buying what they think is a single free trial of a celebrity-endorsed product. Although the customers would receive the product — which in most cases was not made by Ads Inc. itself — in reality, the celebrity has nothing to do with the offer. And in purchasing the free trial, the customer unwittingly commits to a pricey monthly subscription designed to be hard to cancel. As for the products, a current employee described the diet and male enhancement offerings as “the worst of the worst … China-made sawdust in a capsule.” But the subscription trap was just one part of Ads Inc.’s shady business practices.",tech
"When Elisabeth Bik came across a series of studies about a new cancer-fighting method, called “YXQ-EQ,” they sounded legitimate at first. A few of the scientists behind the studies were associated with Harvard University, and their work had federal research funding. But what, exactly, was YXQ-EQ? The answer, Bik eventually determined, was this: A researcher takes cancer cells into a locked room and does…something. When he brings them back out, they’re dead. That’s as specific as these studies appear to have ever gotten in explaining YXQ-EQ, according to Bik, an independent science integrity consultant with a microbiology background. In a viral Twitter thread last week, Bik criticized at least seven of these studies for failing to transparently describe the treatment they were testing, mostly on various cancer cells. She also asked the academic institutions of the scientists involved, as well as the journals that published their work, to investigate the matter. Only after retracing the dense footnotes in these papers did Bik discover that “YXQ-EQ” is apparently an acronym that refers to the “external Qi” and “Qigong” of scientist Yan Xin. In Chinese culture, Qi is the life force believed to exist in everything, and Qigong is a system of movement, breathing, and meditation believed to boost health. According to what appears to be the lone 2004 study that spells out the “YXQ-EQ” method, it turns out that the treatment consists of Yan standing alone in a room and emitting his Qi toward a group of lab-grown rat eye cells. Yan appears to be the only scientist who has ever performed this technique. He is also the only scientist who is on all the papers in question, which, aside from the 2004 study, involve deploying the method on a variety of cancer cells. Bik said that her intent is not to mock traditional Chinese medicine. “But if one single researcher claims that he — and only he — can use Qi to kill off cancer cells, he should be willing to share how they do that,” she",science
"The most upsetting scenes in Midsommar have nothing to do with Swedish fertility cults or their gruesome rites, and everything to do with isolation — and what someone might be willing to do to avoid it. They're right at the top of the movie, the second from writer-director Ari Aster, when the protagonist Dani (Florence Pugh) casts around frantically for emotional reinforcement on what turns out to be the worst day of her life. Dani's a college student living away from home, far enough that when she gets a frightening email hinting at self-harm from her sister, who has bipolar disorder, she can only make futile attempts to reach her and their parents by phone. They're unresponsive, leaving Dani in a helpless panic. She pictures the worst while also worrying that she might be overreacting, as though the support of the people around her is a limited resource she's wasting on what might be nothing. That’s why she hesitates before calling her boyfriend, Christian (Jack Reynor), the anthropology grad student who's been trying to slow-fade her, afraid that she's burdening him with family baggage. ""What if I'm scaring him off?"" she bleats to a friend, who rightly counters that being there for someone in their time of need is the basic stuff of a relationship. It's a devastatingly lonely modern moment. The distance between Dani and her loved ones yawns, vast and unbridgeable by any of her various devices, and no one around her is someone she feels she can really lean on. Not Christian, who actually does think she asks too much of him, whose pals urge him to dump her, saying she needs a therapist and he needs someone who actually likes sex. Christian can barely be counted on to answer her phone call, much less help her shoulder real anguish. Dani has to wait for the news about her family, but we know immediately — from the way the camera stalks through their snow-covered house like a predator — that something terrible has happened. Her howls of grief when she finds out are th",reader
"Two years after her fiancé died, Ellen — a pseudonym to protect her privacy — took a holiday. “I was on this cruise with my best friend and I’m a lesbian, but we were drinking a lot,” the 33-year-old Melbourne woman tells BuzzFeed News. “I just wanted to escape my life completely and I couldn’t face the idea of being with a woman.” Ellen spent a night on the ship with a man she had just met. “I don’t even know his last name,” she says. It was the first person she had slept with since the death of her partner of 10 years. “I didn’t even think about contraception and neither did he,” she says. “I left the boat and actually went into a psych ward because I was suicidal at the time.” Ellen began to feel tired and moody and realised her period hadn’t come, so she went to the hospital’s pharmacy to buy a pregnancy test, which returned a positive result. “I felt so vulnerable and like I’d completely fucked up, and because I felt so guilty I told myself, ‘Well I could feasibly [raise a child] alone’,” she says. But Ellen ultimately decided to have an abortion, which she now believes was “the right thing”. “I was so not able to have a child and I was so unwell,” she says. “I am still sad about it because of the circumstances, and it has taken me a long time to let myself feel sad because I am so pro-choice — I felt like that meant you’re not allowed to be ashamed and you’re not allowed to be sad.” One of the hardest parts of the process for Ellen was telling her parents she was pregnant. “They took so long to settle with the fact that I was gay, and then I’ve gone and had sex with a guy while I’m grieving my dead partner,” she says. “They are amazing parents, but it was like I’d already signed up to an identity so I couldn’t really talk about it.” Medical abortion drugs were an option for Ellen as she was at a very early gestation, but she chose a surgical abortion because she wanted to wake up and “for it to be done”. “I was very lucky,” she says. “I just made an appointmen",health
"By the summer of 2016, Facebook was aggressively courting the world’s most populous country. Having largely saturated most of the developed world, the social network turned its attention to China, which banned Facebook in 2009, cutting it off from more than 700 million internet users. So like any shrewd businessperson, Mark Zuckerberg embarked on a concerted charm offensive to court Beijing. He taught himself Mandarin and then used it to deliver a well-received speech at China's Tsinghua University. He touted Chinese science fiction books to his Facebook followers and posted a photo of himself jogging through a smog-filled Tiananmen Square. And he reportedly asked Chinese President Xi Jinping to bestow an honorary name on his then-unborn daughter during a White House dinner. As Facebook’s chief wooed the Chinese government publicly with demonstrations of deference and appeasement, he was quietly working to close an acquisition deal with a Shanghai-based startup that, had it been consummated, would have reshaped the social media landscape as much as the social network’s purchase of Instagram or WhatsApp had. Zuckerberg wanted Musical.ly, a Chinese lip-synching app that was popular among American teens and, according to three people familiar with the conversations, Facebook spent much of the second half of 2016 trying to make that happen. In August that year, Zuckerberg invited Musical.ly cofounder Alex Zhu to Facebook’s Menlo Park, California, headquarters for a handful of exploratory talks with his team including then–Instagram CEO Kevin Systrom and Javier Olivan, Facebook’s vice president of growth. The following month, a Facebook team traveled to Shanghai to continue those conversations, this time with both Zhu and fellow cofounder Louis Yang. Sources said the talks were serious, though a deal never materialized. Some 14 months later, Chinese conglomerate ByteDance acquired Musical.ly for around $800 million. It later merged the app with the already existent TikTo",politics
" Twitter clarified when it will enforce rules against ""world leaders."" Which is Twitter's way of relaying what Donald Trump can do on the platform. The upshot: Unless Trump explicitly violates Twitter's rules, leaving no room for interpretation, the company will do nothing. ""We focus on the language of reported Tweets,"" Twitter said in a blog post Tuesday, ""and do not attempt to determine all potential interpretations of the content or its intent."" Twitter's blog post comes in the wake of a series of controversial tweets from Trump that drew condemnation from Sen. Kamala Harris, a Democrat representing California and running for the party's nomination for president, who called for Twitter to suspend him. ""Trump's tweets about the whistleblower represent a clear intent to harass, intimidate, or silence their voice,"" Harris wrote in an open letter to Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey. ""His blatant threats put people at risk — and our democracy in danger. His account must be suspended."" Reached for comment following the release of Twitter's world leader rules, a spokesperson for Harris told BuzzFeed News, ""When Trump is using his tweets to make threats, incite violence and intimidate witnesses, this is insufficient."" With today's announcement, Twitter made it clear that intent doesn't matter, at least when it comes to its enforcement. The company spelled out a series of ""enforcement scenarios"" under which it would take action, including promotion of terrorism, clear and direct threats of violence, posting private information or intimate photos, child sexual exploitation, or promoting self-harm. Yet Twitter also left itself a Trump-sized hole in terms of how it said it will handle threats of violence: ""context matters: as noted above, direct interactions with fellow public figures and/or commentary on political and foreign policy issues would likely not result in enforcement,"" Twitter said. That hedge could mean that even if Trump — or other world leaders — do make some sort of v",tech
"Climate change has barely registered as an issue in any US presidential election. The 2020 race has already changed that. The Democratic primaries explain why. Of the 23 Democratic candidates running, 14 have signed the “no fossil fuel money” pledge; 11, by participating in a green fundraising platform, have vowed to address this crisis on day one of their presidency and committed to the goal of 100% clean energy, and at least 22 have mentioned climate change on their campaign websites, according to a BuzzFeed News review. Already, three Democrats have devoted their first detailed policy plan to tackling the climate crisis, and one of them, Washington Gov. Jay Inslee, even launched his campaign on the issue. Inslee and at least eight other candidates are supporting a call for a climate-only primary debate. And now the Democratic National Committee is fundraising on the issue, including with an email Wednesday asking for help electing “Democrats who are fighting to put a stop to climate chaos.” “The big picture news to me is that for the first time ever, candidates are embracing climate change in a way they never have before,” Kevin Curtis, executive director of NRDC Action Fund, told BuzzFeed News. “That is really wicked cool.” In recent elections, billionaire Tom Steyer has spent millions through his progressive political action committee NextGen America in support of pro-climate candidates, trying to make climate relevant in races across the country. It hasn’t always worked. Going into 2020, a race he considered joining, he’s more hopeful than ever. “It seems like this year it’s really happening — what we hoped for in 2016 is happening,” Steyer said. Activists and climate communication experts attribute the shift to a number of factors, including the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s sobering October report, which predicted more dire climate impacts faster than previously anticipated, as well as the deadliest wildfire in California history, on top of dam",science
"""My current favorite memoir is First They Killed My Father. I just finished it this past weekend. It was FANTASTIC. I hurt for the author and her family for having to go through all of that pain and heartbreak."" —Abby M. ""One memoir I love is Kitchen Privileges by Mary Higgins Clark. Initially, I thought Clark was a longtime successful writer who probably knew all along what she wanted to do. I never considered how long it would take her to publish and how much I would relate to her story. Clark had many struggles and had to change plans several times to make things work and to make ends meet. She didn't come to writing early and had already had several careers when she was finally published. ""I think this memoir speaks to perseverance in a strong way, partly because Clark doesn't preach about it — she just tells a story of how she kept trying different things and finally made the choice to write. Anyone struggling in life and/or struggling to be a writer can relate in so many ways to this book."" —Michelle L. ""I loved Tina Sinatra's memoir, My Father's Daughter. It was completely heartfelt and riveting."" —Jaime G. ""I've been getting into memoirs this last year or so. Some of my most recent include I Miss You When I Blink by Mary Laura Philpott, I Might Regret This by Abbi Jacobson, and Educated by Tara Westover. My favorite, though, is a classic in the genre: My Life in Paris by Julia Child and Alex Prud'homme. I fell in love with Child's personality that emanated from the pages. She was such a free spirit and incredibly vivacious. She's also inspirational in that she started her cooking career fairly late in her life, but became one of the most famous chefs in the world."" —Gabrielle B. ""My girlfriends and I read Between the World and Me for our book club last year, and I was very moved by it. As a white woman, there are just some things I will never be able understand about the black experience. This book was a reminder about just how much I don't know — even thoug",reader
,health
"TALLAHASSEE, Florida — Four men with connections in Florida politics are at the center of the international quid pro quo scandal that launched a federal investigation and an impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump. But the investigation has hardly made a dent in Florida’s capital, despite the men’s ties to state officials including the governor, several insiders told BuzzFeed News. There’s one overarching reason for that: They say allegations of corruption and shady characters bidding for influence are already so pervasive in the world of Florida politics. “We have colorful people in Florida,” said Mac Stipanovich, a veteran Republican consultant and lobbyist. “It is certainly not unknown in Florida politics that someone who appears to be above board turns out to be skeevier than you would have thought in the beginning. As a matter of fact, it happens with some frequency in Florida. As a result, it is hardly earth-shattering.” “There are more than an average number of scammers, posers, and bad guys in Florida,” he said. Federal investigators and lawmakers scrutinizing Rudy Giuliani’s back-channel campaign in Ukraine have, for weeks, been circling in on the actions of Lev Parnas, Igor Fruman, David Correia, and Andrey Kukushkin. All four have been arrested on charges of campaign finance violations and could face further charges on financial crimes. Parnas and Fruman are longtime Giuliani associates who were key to his mission to remove the former US ambassador to Ukraine and get dirt on former vice president Joe Biden. The four men, who have all pleaded not guilty, used shell companies to funnel donations to prominent Republicans, including Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis and Sen. Rick Scott, and attempted to become investors in medical marijuana companies. DeSantis and Scott returned the donations after they were reported by local media, but in the following weeks, multiple photos of DeSantis with Parnas and Fruman surfaced — at campaign events and election night ",politics
"Last week, Facebook announced that it would allow political candidates to lie in ads posted to its platform, but it’s haphazardly enforcing a number of other advertising policies that have led to the takedowns of paid content from at least five US presidential candidates. According to a BuzzFeed News review, Facebook has removed more than 160 ads posted this month by President Donald Trump and some Democratic candidates, including Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, former vice president Joe Biden, and businessperson Tom Steyer. In some cases, Facebook appeared to apply its policies unequally, removing some ads for breaking rules around profanity, fake buttons, and advertising in certain states while leaving others that seemed to do the exact same thing untouched. In several instances, Facebook quietly removed ads that ostensibly violated its policies after BuzzFeed News inquired about them on Monday. By one count, the social network took down an additional 32 ads from the Biden campaign after the inquiries. As of 5 p.m. PT on Oct. 14, Biden had the most ads of any candidate removed; Facebook took down at least 117 ads, which were mostly focused on the Trump impeachment effort. At least 28 Warren ads were taken down during this time period, including six on Oct. 11 promoting her 100% clean energy plan and another 22 on Oct. 2. Facebook took down one each from Sanders and Steyer and removed 21 Trump ads attacking Biden, one of which displayed a video promoting a lie about the former vice president. “None of these political ads were rejected on the basis of being deemed false by our fact-checkers,” a Facebook spokesperson told BuzzFeed News. “They were removed for violating one or more of Facebook's other advertising policies, such as our policy against using fake buttons in ads.” The Trump ad, for example, was taken down for violating Facebook's rules against profanity in advertisements, the company spokesperson explained. Representative",tech
"The second time the American diplomat felt the attack was in her apartment kitchen, after a long day working at the US Embassy in Havana. “I felt an extreme pressure like the full, frontal top of my face was exploding off my head.” Unsteady on her feet afterward, unable to work, she was medevaced to Miami and diagnosed with a traumatic brain injury. But what caused that injury, and more like it to dozens of other US diplomats and their families? That’s still unknown — and may stay that way due to the way the US State Department began the medical investigation into what happened. “Day to day, we still don’t know how to attribute it,” said the injured diplomat, who spoke to BuzzFeed News anonymously to preserve her future chances of working overseas. For the past three years, diplomats working in Cuba have complained of an array of mysterious ailments and symptoms — dizziness, headaches, difficulty concentrating — that often started with reports of metallic shrieks inside their homes in Havana. Many report long-lasting, perhaps permanent effects. The “Havana syndrome” mystery has been the subject of intense, and public, scrutiny, with much of it focused on the search for some sort of weapon — ultrasound, microwaves, psychology, and even crickets have been offered as explanations. Yet despite intense political pressure, international headlines, sanctions against Cuba, and withdrawal of most US diplomats from Havana, very little still is known about the cause of the “health attacks” as then–secretary of state Rex Tillerson described them in 2017, that affected at least 40 US and Canadian personnel working in the country. The syndrome is now under investigation by the big guns in biomedicine, federal health agencies, and the US National Academies of Science. But public health experts who spoke to BuzzFeed News said the State Department dropped the ball by not opening the investigation earlier to a wider swath of medical experts outside of its immediate sphere. According ",science
"Four years ago, at a bar in Brooklyn, I cried a few drunken, happy tears watching soccer titan Abby Wambach, fresh off a World Cup win, run ecstatically toward the stands to kiss her then-wife, Sarah Huffman. Wambach, one of the best players of all time, would be retiring from the game with a 5–2 win over Japan and yet another coveted title under her belt. It thrilled me that someone who’d proven herself the best of the best on the world’s stage was also openly gay, and openly in love. Wambach and her team’s triumph felt less like an American win to me and more like a win for the gays — and lesbians, specifically — just a week after the Supreme Court had legalized same-sex marriage nationwide. At the time, Getty Images infamously captioned its shot of Wambach and Huffman embracing with “Abby Wambach of USA celebrates with a friend,” releasing a deluge of memes poking fun at the ways in which mainstream culture willfully overlooks romantic affection between women. But in the years since, the queerness of the US women’s national soccer team has only grown more visible — so visible, in fact, that it’s pretty much impossible for even the densest of straight people to ignore. Over the weekend, the USWNT beat the Netherlands 2–0 in this year’s World Cup final for its second consecutive World Cup win, a victory that, as star forward, team cocaptain, and America’s lesbian sweetheart Megan Rapinoe pointed out, would have been impossible without queer power: “You can’t win a championship without gays on your team … that’s science right there.” Rapinoe’s out teammates include Ashlyn Harris and Ali Krieger, who announced their engagement earlier this year, while their coach, Jillian Ellis, is also an out lesbian. And then there’s fan-favorite Kelley O’Hara, who, recovering from a nasty head-to-head collision during yesterday’s match, replayed Wambach’s famous kiss with one of her own: She ran to the stands after the game and embraced her girlfriend, in a moment at once complete",reader
"Last year, she earned the Meaning-Centered Design Award for her prototype of the male lactation system. ""The system enables dads to take a more active role in the first six months of the baby’s life and allows mums to relinquish some of the pressures and duties of parenting. It is one of many ways to encourage further discussion of mental health and to empower new parents to support each other even more at such an incredible time in their lives,"" she said. In order to produce milk, fathers would need to take Progestin (aka the non-oestrogen-based birth control pill) for nine months. ""The Progestin initiates the changes necessary for your chest to hold milk. The father-to-be will also need to take 40 mg of Domperidone four times a day, starting six weeks before baby’s due date. This will initiate the creation of prolactin,"" she added. She added that some people have even informed her that male lactation is celebrated in the old testament of the Bible. ""Often the people that have contacted me are not first-time parents. They’re expecting their second or third child and struggled with breastfeeding their first baby the first time. For them it appears that this is a welcome alternative."" ""Parenthood is a task that’s performed by such a wide range of people from every background and of every orientation and lifestyle. This is another way to help these people accomplish that task in a way that is fulfilling and empowering rather than restrictive."" ""I want to take it clinical trials as quickly and effectively as possible. We’re looking for the right partnership and are open to offers of research cooperation."" Marie-Claire Springham is a British-American product designer who is creating a kit that will allow fathers to ""chestfeed"" their children. Springham told BuzzFeed her idea originated from a desire to address issues that surround mental health and becoming a new parent. ""A common trigger of postnatal depression for mothers is the pressure to breastfeed, even when it is",health
"Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren is taking on big oil’s legacy of climate misinformation in her latest presidential plan, proposing to punish companies that knowingly mislead or lie to federal agencies with steep fines and jail time. Warren’s plan has at least one visible target: ExxonMobil. The oil giant’s own scientists confirmed in the 1970s and ‘80s that fossil fuels have contributed to global warming. Then the company shuttered its climate research and embraced a public relations campaign to spread doubt about climate science and fund climate change denial. “My plan to End Washington Corruption prevents companies like Exxon from using industry-funded fake research to mislead federal regulators,” Warren wrote in a new plan released on Tuesday morning. “And if bad actors like Exxon break the rules and deliberately lie to government agencies, my plan will treat them the same way the law treats someone who lies in court – by subjecting them to potential prosecution for perjury.” Warren’s latest plan formally merges her climate agenda with her anti-corruption proposals, which have been the centerpiece of her presidential campaign. She has already proposed spending at least $3 trillion on climate action, including banning fossil fuel development on public lands, tackling environmental justice as part of the Green New Deal, and embracing many of former presidential candidate Jay Inslee’s ideas for cutting climate pollution in the building, transportation, and electricity sectors. Warren’s attack on Exxon comes on the heels of recent Congressional hearings digging into the company’s sketchy climate history. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, one of the most high-profile progressives in Congress, repeatedly grilled former Exxon scientists about their climate work. And the New York Attorney General recently took Exxon to trial, alleging the company misled investors about its climate risk; the New York Supreme Court has not yet issued a verdict in the case. Last month, the",politics
"When George the Talking Clock went quiet just before midnight on September 30, no one expected to ever hear him again. The 1194 phone service that millions of Australians have relied upon since 1953 to tell them the time was discontinued at the end of last month. But George has risen to tell the time again – on the internet. Melbourne-based coder Ryan Monro has created an online version of George, complete with retro web graphics, that allows visitors to hear the voice of ABC broadcaster Richard Peach drone the time followed by three pip sound effects exactly as if they had dialled 1194. Monro said he first heard the phone service was set to be terminated on its final day of operation. “So I acted fast. I plugged a nearby mono 3.5mm cable into my iPhone SE's headphone jack,” Monro wrote on his personal website. “[then I] plugged that into one of the inputs on my RME interface, opened Ableton Live, hit record, and called George.” Monro said he needed to record the voice saying each number to fully recreate the Talking Clock online. “I was worried at 11:12pm when I still didn't have the numbers 13 or 14 yet, and I kept getting the busy signal, and that was my last chance,” Monro wrote. “But I got it done. Let the record show that I called 1194 sixty-six times that night.” Several people expressed their sadness at George's demise last month. Monro acknowledged the Talking Clock has become less essential since mobile phones with automatically synchronized time became ubiquitous, but said there’s still reasons to use George today. “Let’s face it: still not everyone uses a mobile phone, and plenty of people don’t use one as a clock,” Monro wrote. “Most of the calls were received around the start and end of Daylight Saving.” “A robotic voice telling you with certainty what time it really is can be very comforting when you can't remember if you're supposed to 'lose' or 'gain' an hour, and whether that means your clock should go 'forward' or 'back', and what that actually me",tech
"Reginald Archibald, a former doctor and scientist at Rockefeller University Hospital, sexually abused many of his child patients for decades, and his employer had multiple “warning signs” about his behavior, according to a report released Thursday by Rockefeller. The report is the result of an investigation into Archibald’s alleged misconduct that started in the fall of 2018, after a former patient lodged a complaint with the hospital. The investigation, conducted by a law firm hired by Rockefeller, reveals that the university also received many other complaints as far back as the early 1960s against Archibald, who worked at the hospital from the 1940s to the 1980s and died in 2007. “What’s most outrageous is they knew going back for decades about this man, and what they did is typical of large institutions: They protected the institution over the safety and welfare of the children,” Paul Mones, an attorney representing 200 of Archibald’s former patients, told BuzzFeed News. Archibald, a pediatric endocrinologist who studied and treated issues related to childhood growth and maturation, fondled young patients, had them masturbate, masturbated them until they ejaculated, pulled their erect penises, brushed his face against their genitals, touched them while having them sit naked in his lap, and took semen samples from them without any professional justification, according to the report. Archibald also published research that included photographs he’d taken of nude patients, ostensibly to document their growth and sexual maturation. Several former patients told BuzzFeed News earlier this year that these doctor visits, which they stayed silent about for years, were traumatizing, humiliating, and life-altering. Two journals are now planning to acknowledge the patients’ allegations in the scientific record. Archibald’s misconduct was apparently not confined to the doctor’s office. He also invited patients to his summer cabin in Canada, and a few of them told investigator",science
"On June 22, a Twitter thread did almost as much as Naomi Campbell’s cellphone attack and Kim Kardashian West’s career arc to highlight the absurd difficulty of working as a celebrity’s personal assistant. The viral post, “Being Beyoncé’s assistant for the day: DON’T GET FIRED THREAD,” is a series of choose-your-own-adventure–style questions that invites users to imagine what it might be like to work for the pop star. Equal parts Seventeen quiz and Black Mirror: Bandersnatch, the game has the felicity of the first and the latter’s escalating stakes: For breakfast, would Beyoncé prefer strawberries and granola, or a five-star buffet? Should she hide out at a hotel to avoid the paparazzi or risk being spotted at a super-secret event at which she’s set to appear? Creator Landon Rivera told BuzzFeed News that the game was “pretty much divided off common logic and some Beyoncé trivia.” Getting fired in the game would mean getting a shady dismissal from Rivera, but participating lets you psychoanalyze American pop culture’s most mysterious personality. “I hope [Beyoncé] would laugh and not be too offended,” Rivera said of his viral thread. “Especially since I kind of twisted her persona to be a cliché celebrity.” Rivera’s admission prompts a compelling question: What exactly is Beyoncé’s persona? There are as many answers as there are Bey eras. Badass girl-power advocate? She’s been that. Soul-pop cyborg preempting sorry dudes and their dumb lies? Yep. “Unapologetically black” activist? She’s been that too. Pop perfectionist, R&B torchbearer, conscious recoupler, black Madonna: yes, yes, yes, etc. Maybe she’s still all of those things. But the “common logic” part of Rivera’s statement is so intriguing for what it telegraphs about the public’s perception of Bey. The fact that Rivera, a Beyoncé fan, edited her persona into that of your standard, paint-by-numbers celeb doesn’t seem all that incongruous given Bey’s public arc over the past few months. In fact, it’s seemed that",reader
"Liana was 21 and dating a man a decade older than her who she says was emotionally and physically abusive. “When I met him I was at a vulnerable state in my life and he picked up on that,” the now 32-year-old tells BuzzFeed News. Her boyfriend would insist on having unprotected sex. “I was on the pill but he told me he had a vasectomy, so when I missed a pill I didn’t think it was a big deal,” she says. When Liana found out she was pregnant she confronted her boyfriend who admitted he had lied about having had a vasectomy. “It is disgusting and it is as bad as stealthing,” she says, referring to when someone removes a condom during sex without permission. “I feel like it should be illegal.” Reproductive coercion is any behaviour that deliberately prevents a person from making decisions about their reproductive health. It includes contraceptive sabotage; pressuring another person into falling pregnant, continuing a pregnancy, or ending a pregnancy; or forcing a person into sterilisation. Liana decided she did not want to continue with the pregnancy but faced added pressure from her boyfriend: “He got really physical one night and was pretty much trying to beat the baby out of me. At the time I felt like it was mostly my choice but I did feel a bit rushed and pressured.” The abortion was free at a public hospital in regional Victoria. “Even though my abortion experience was quite OK, it was still an experience,” she says. “It is still a medical procedure and it was still something I had to work through for a few years after, and he just got to walk away.” Liana broke up with her boyfriend after the abortion but says it took months for him to stop contacting her. “It was an awful relationship and I can’t imagine having a child and being tied to him for the rest of my life.” Jamie fell pregnant in 2014 to her partner, who was ultimately charged and jailed for assaulting her. She says he refused to wear protection as it “didn’t feel as good”. “He knew I would take risks ",health
"WASHINGTON — Sen. Chuck Schumer is questioning the US Army’s decision to try to recruit Gen Z'ers using TikTok and other China-owned social media platforms, raising concerns about privacy and national security. Schumer, a New York Democrat and the party’s leader in the Senate, wrote a letter to Army Secretary Ryan McCarthy on Nov. 7 requesting the military branch assess the national security risks associated with the platform. TikTok, a popular video-sharing application launched in 2017, became the US's most downloaded app in 2018, with two-thirds of its users under the age of 30, according to a third party estimate. The Army turned to TikTok and other social media platforms in 2019 after recruiting numbers slumped the year before by more than 6,000 soldiers. “While I recognize that the Army must adapt its recruiting techniques in order to attract young Americans to serve, I urge you to assess the potential national security risks posed by China-owned technology companies before choosing to utilize certain platforms,” Schumer wrote in the letter obtained by BuzzFeed News. In the letter, Schumer also asks if the Army has consulted with the Department of Homeland Security regarding potential security risks and if the Army has considered alternative recruiting methods. The letter is just the latest example of US officials raising security concerns about the app. Earlier this month, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CIFUS) — the government agency that oversees foreign investments into US companies or operations — launched a probe into TikTok’s Chinese parent company ByteDance because of censorship and national security concerns. TikTok and its parent company recently came under fire from Republican and Democratic congressional members. Former national security experts say the CIFUS probe signals an increased concern for national security. “I think that what this does reflect is the national security community’s concern for data sources — not just",politics
"Eshia Anderson was scrolling through TikTok’s suggested sound clips in early August when she came across a familiar song — and an idea for a video. “I heard the sound of the Australian national anthem when I was flicking through,” said Anderson, a 20-year-old Indigenous woman from South Australia. “I was going to skip it right away, but then it brought back a memory of how it was like in primary school.” That memory, Anderson said, was of being sent to the school principal’s office after refusing to stand for the anthem. She decided to recreate the scene and post it on the short video platform. “I laughed so hard and then I was like ‘I’m going to make a video on it for jokes’, and to see if any other Aboriginal people went through the same thing,” Anderson said. Anderson is one of many Indigenous people using TikTok to share their experiences of race and racism in Australia. Their videos employ the trademark features of the app — music, basic text overlays, a single person playing multiple roles — to challenge racial stereotypes, share stories of discrimination, and talk about what being Aboriginal means to them. Lillyandra Laurie, 17, says she makes TikTok videos to convey how she’s treated as the only Indigenous student at her school. “I’ve put up with so much racism, it’s absolutely ridiculous,” Laurie said. “But I just turn my pain into pride and strength, and I’ve decided to make my TikToks about my Aboriginality to hopefully direct other Indigenous kids because they have to always remember that they are strong, black and deadly.” Her videos chronicle situations she has encountered as a young Indigenous woman living in regional Australia, such as having to answer questions about her ethnicity and navigating racial dating preferences. Michelle Laurie, 15, makes videos about racism she has experienced at school. “I like to convey messages through humour, and it is important for people to know about my culture,” Laurie said. Macquarie University’s Head of Indigeno",tech
"Right-to-carry handgun laws trigger a 13% to 15% increase in violent crime a decade after the typical state adopts them, suggests a new statistical analysis of 33 US states. The Journal of Empirical Legal Studies report released Monday is the latest in a thorny academic fight over how letting people more freely carry around guns affects those crimes. Advocacy for and against looser gun laws will doubtless grow louder as the US Supreme Court is expected to hear a challenge to a ban on taking a licensed handgun outside New York City limits without a permit, its first gun control case in nearly a decade. The court, split along partisan lines 5–4 in favor of judges who have previously favored expanded gun rights, could decide that there is a constitutional right to carry a gun outside the home. But that could be “a dangerous mistake to make,” according to the new study’s lead author, Stanford Law School’s John Donohue. “The important takeaway is that more guns seems to lead to more crime,” Donohue told BuzzFeed News by email. “So it is probably wise to think in terms of appropriate controls and it would be very unwise to push the 2nd Amendment too far.” This long-running and contentious statistical debate began with the 1998 book More Guns, Less Crime by John Lott Jr. of the Crime Prevention Research Center. Since its publication, 11 states have loosened right-to-carry laws, and more than 30 states now allow the open carrying of a gun without a permit. About 3.1 million people in the US were victims of violent crimes, rapes, robberies, and assaults in 2017, according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics. In the new study, statisticians looked at right-to-carry law effects on those numbers by adding data from the 11 states that have adopted them in the last 15 years to create a record of 33 states that allowed citizens to carry concealed weapons from 1981 to 2007. The team looked at violent crime rates in all of the states, controlling statistically for the effects of pol",science
"“Hi guys, just checking in with all of you who are concerned about me,” Britney Spears said in an Instagram video posted April 23. “My family has been going through a lot of stress and anxiety lately, so I just needed time to deal. But don't worry — I'll be back very soon.” The video was a response to the #FreeBritney social media campaign that had gathered steam earlier that month, sparked by the Instagram-parsing fan podcast Britney’s Gram. The podcast got a call from a man claiming to be a paralegal with information that Spears was pressured into checking herself into a mental health facility, through the conservatorship she has been under for the last 11 years. The legal arrangement, imposed during a turbulent moment in her life in 2008, gave her father Jamie Spears control over her financial and physical well-being. “You guys are onto something,” said the anonymous caller in a voicemail, referring to suspicions the podcast hosts, comedians Barbara Gray and Tess Barker, had voiced in a previous episode about Spears’ sudden absence from Instagram. The paralegal explained that he had worked for a lawyer involved with the conservatorship, which Gray and Barker said they’d confirmed. “What is happening is disturbing, to say the least,” the caller said. “From what I understand this was not a decision she made at all.” Gray and Barker were convinced that this apparent insider information was credible — and that it needed to be shared with the world. “As it stands, there are a lot of people who make money because of the money that Britney makes. It would be in their favor to control that money in a certain way,” Gray told BuzzFeed News. “There’s a culture of fear that has kept a lot of people from speaking out about this particular situation.” Britney’s Gram listeners began sharing a #FreeBritney graphic and hashtag, seeking to end the conservatorship, and it quickly went viral. Throngs of Spears fans gathered outside the West Hollywood City Hall on April 22 with signs",reader
"Initially, their stomach is about the size of a shooter marble. Their stomach rapidly grows to the size of about a chicken egg by their tenth day of life. Newborns only produce enough tears to lubricate and protect their eyes, so you won't see any excess tears rolling down their cheeks when they cry. Babies should develop actual teardrops between the ages of one and three months old. In utero, some of the mother's high estrogen levels may get passed onto the fetus, stimulating the baby's uterus. When this happens, baby girls can have what is called a ""mini period"" where their uterus sheds a little bit of blood. Babies are born with cartilage rather than kneecaps. The cartilage eventually becomes hard and creates the bony kneecaps adults have. Newborn babies have a very sensitive sense of taste because, not only do they have tastebuds on their tongues, but they also have them on their tonsils and in the back of their throats. They are able to distinguish between bitter and sweet flavors. A baby's first poop is called meconium, which is a sticky, tar-like substance. It is a baby's body expelling everything that filled their intestines while inside the uterus. It is normal for both male and female newborns to have enlarged – or swollen – breasts. This is because they have been exposed to maternal hormones inside the womb. In short, the hormones that cause a mother's breasts to swell can be carried on to the baby. After a few weeks, however, the baby's breast tissue should de-swell since there is no more exposure to the hormones. Again, since babies may still have their mother's hormones in their system for a few weeks after birth, their boobs may continue to grow and real breast milk may be expressed from them. The bones in the skull of a newborn are made to move so they can easily pass through the tight birth canal. The elongated ""cone head"" is a result of the baby being pushed through the birth canal. Usually, the shape of their head will round out after a few days. ",health
"SAN ANTONIO — Voters in Texas watched on a year ago as Democrat Beto O’Rourke came within an inch of taking Republican Sen. Ted Cruz’s seat in the closest Senate race Texas has seen in decades. Cindy Ochoa, 22, was anxiously watching, too — but she was preoccupied with another fight, counting election results county by county in the frantic campaign “war room” for her boss, Republican Rep. Will Hurd. Elections have been tight in Texas’s 23rd Congressional District for years, but last year’s race came down to less than 1% of the vote — Hurd won by some 800 ballots. Any relief from the Hurd and Cruz victories didn’t last long. Democrats took two congressional seats from Republicans and 47% of the total vote that night. Six Texas Republicans have since announced they are retiring and not running for reelection next year. That includes Hurd, the only black Republican in the House and a rare critic of President Donald Trump. Ochoa and other young Republicans in Texas say Hurd’s close call in 2018 and the exodus of House Republicans is just the latest sign that politics in their state are shifting. Between a changing Texas and navigating the downstream effects of Trump’s volatile brand of politics in Washington, they’re not sure their party is prepared for what’s shaping up to be a pivotal moment. “People just don’t want to talk about where the party is right now, and where it’s going, and that it’s very likely to be turned blue in 2020,” Ochoa, a district staffer in Hurd’s office, told BuzzFeed News in San Antonio. “We don’t have the greatest person leading our party, so it’s a tough spot for Republicans right now, but I think we need to get serious and stop being naive about what’s going on and actually face the facts.” Republicans in Texas are facing an identity crisis, revealed in nearly two dozen conversations with BuzzFeed News in recent weeks. With a new generation rising up in Texas, the party is struggling to decide what it should look like in the years to come —",politics
"The decision for when to get your kid their first phone, and what kind, is unique to each family. There are a ton of factors: what you can afford, if your kid’s school allows phones, when their friends get phones, parity with an older sibling, and a realistic assessment of your kid on a scale of “mature perfect angel who won’t do anything bad with this phone” to “little shit who is going to fight me over screentime every day.” And that’s just the family and social dynamic side of it. The actual needs and uses vary wildly too: Do they just need to be able to call you to ask for a ride home from soccer practice? Do you need to be able to GPS-track them, or provide them with maps to plan their own bike route? Do they need email for class assignments? Do they need a phone to video-chat with grandparents? And then there are those other considerations: What’s your personal anxiety level about school shootings? How about kidnappings? Does it outweigh your anxiety about exposure to child predators, cyberbullying, and pornography? How do you feel about kids and smartphones: Do you long for your childhood where only the luckiest kids had a landline in their bedroom and afternoons were spent in some falsely remembered haze where the main use of a phone was to scam your way into two dinners’ worth of Stove Top stuffing? Perhaps you embrace the possibility that phones and internet-connected devices are neutral or maybe even positive for kids, teaching them some sort of skills? Did your spouse text you that one New York Times story about the ill effects of phones on kids, or the one from Slate that said the opposite? Basically, you can take everything about your entire lifestyle and outlook on parenting and boil it down to this one decision: What kind of phone — if any — is your kid getting? One common option for parents is to get a lower-priced smartphone or older model phone — maybe a hand-me-down from the parent when they upgrade. But for those parents who want to keep their k",tech
"Amazon shareholders rejected a proposal to develop a plan to respond to climate change during the company's annual meeting on Wednesday. The proposal had gathered the support of nearly 7,700 employees across the company. The resolution would have required Amazon's board of directors to prepare a public plan for ""disruptions posed by climate change"" and how the company will reduce its dependence on fossil fuels. Dozens of shareholders attended the shareholder meeting dressed in white. They stood up while Emily Cunningham, a user experience designer and member of Amazon Employees for Climate Justice, addressed her comments to CEO Jeff Bezos, who was not onstage during the meeting. ""Speed is everything,"" she said. ""Without bold, rapid action we will lose our only chance to avoid catastrophic warming. There’s no issue more important to our customers or our world than the climate crisis, and we are falling far short."" Amazon previously announced initiatives to address its carbon impact, including a plan to reach 50% of all Amazon shipments with net zero carbon by 2030 called ""Shipment Zero."" It said it also plans to share Amazon’s companywide carbon footprint later this year. In an emailed statement, Amazon outlined its sustainability initiatives and said, “Amazon’s sustainability team is using a science-based approach to develop data and strategies to ensure a rigorous approach to our sustainability work.” The company also said, ""We have a long term commitment to powering our global infrastructure using 100% renewable energy.” Despite these initiatives, thousands of employees signed an open letter to the company that argues that these plans don't go far enough to address the climate crisis. The letter asks the company to announce a date for completion for its goal to reach 100% renewable energy, divest from fossil fuel energy, and cut emissions in half by 2030 from 2010 levels and reach zero by 2050 across the company's entire supply chain. Rajit Iftikhar, a software en",science
"If you can't see the sign-up box above, you can sign up here. If you’re obsessed with your dog and books but try to avoid novels where something traumatic happens to animals... Biloxi has got you covered. Written by Mary Miller (author of Always Happy Hour: Stories), this story takes place in, you guessed it, Biloxi, Mississippi. The book introduces a cast of fairly odd characters, starting with Louis McDonald Jr. He’s a recently retired introvert who finds himself feeling lonely after his wife of 37 years divorces him. Additionally, he has isolated himself from his daughter (your heart will ache hearing him talk about his relationship with her) and granddaughter, but clearly craves an emotional connection with another living creature. Enter: Lyla. Louis decides to take her in on a whim after making a wrong turn and coming across a sign on someone’s lawn advertising an available dog. He quickly builds a friendship with this human-like dog that'll captivate you and make you want to pet your own pup for hours upon end. Their story is a unique one with twists and turns that’ll have you asking yourself “where is this all going?” but in a good way. Miller does an amazing job illustrating the minutia of day to day life in a way that anyone who has awkwardly tried to make conversation with a bank teller can connect to. If you’re a dog lover or have ever developed a relationship with an animal, you’ll easily relate to this story. –Heather Braga Get it from Amazon for $16.47 or Barnes & Noble for $21.21. When writing about schizophrenia, traditional narrative structure feels inadequate. How does one sum up the effects of an illness that bends reality, a “shapeless thief” that distorts our already limited understanding of perception, into a clear beginning, middle and end? Thus, in her debut memoir, Marin Sardy adopts a form entirely her own as she weaves her account of the schizophrenia that trapped her mother in a world of delusions and ultimately took the life of her young",reader
"The government has chosen the anti-vax movement to be one of its first targets in a broad online offensive to tackle the spread of disinformation amid concerns about a sustained fall in young children receiving essential jabs. The first wave of this campaign — focused on ads shown to users of Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, and Spotify — targets ""misleading information about vaccines"" that leaves ""the most vulnerable at risk"". The trial comes as the percentage of children in England who had received their measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR) jab by their second birthday fell for a fourth year in a row to 91.2% — well below the World Health Organization’s 95% target. Health authorities have made a clear link between the decline and the spread of disinformation in recent months. The UK's chief medical officer, Dame Sally Davies, said the fall was caused, in part, by the spread of myths online, while health secretary Matt Hancock took aim at social media companies over the issue. ""We need to tackle this rise in people not vaccinating,"" he said, adding that companies like Facebook and Twitter need to ""do more to take down lies, essentially, that are promoted on social media about the impact of vaccination"". Such messages are not hard to find. Despite efforts by Instagram to crack down on the spread of dangerous messages, typing ""vaccines"" into the search bar immediately returns a list of US anti-vaccine groups rife with disinformation. The ""Don't Feed the Beast"" campaign directs Britain's most active social media users to the government's SHARE checklist, which lists the tell-tale signs of fake news and disinformation. A government spokesperson told BuzzFeed News that it aims to provide people with ""the means to evaluate the information they're seeing online"". ""Anti-vaccination is an example of how disinformation and misinformation have contributed to a serious real-world public health issue,"" they added. ""We chose to include it in the campaign to highlight why it ",health
"ATLANTA — President Donald Trump brought some of his best-known black supporters to Atlanta to launch the “Black Voices for Trump"" coalition on Friday, lavishing praise on his allies and decrying the Democratic Party as being corrupt and disloyal to black voters at a rally in a midsize ballroom. But first he had a question. “What do you prefer?” Trump asked a mostly black audience here in the shadow of the cavernous Mercedes-Benz Stadium. “'Blacks for Trump' or 'African Americans for Trump'?” “Blaaaaaaaaaacks!” someone screeched. One observer remarked: “'African Americans for Trump' — that don’t roll off the tongue” how Trump likes. Then a “Blacks for Trump” chant broke out. With that, the president launched into a long plea for his black supporters to bring more black votes to his reelection campaign. He made an appeal to black men in particular. “The Democratic Party left you,"" he said. ""Today we say: Welcome to the Republican Party."" Supporters interpreted Trump’s speech — and those from his allies that preceded it — as a challenge to attract black men based on the president’s record on jobs, criminal justice, and what some of his strongest black supporters say is years of neglect and failed policies from the Democratic Party. Trump’s reelection campaign showcased Housing Secretary Ben Carson, the only black cabinet secretary in Trump’s administration (“Be missionaries,” Carson asked of the audience), Kentucky Attorney General–Elect Daniel Cameron, and a black business owner. “The message that is being spewed on the Democratic side is primarily focused on the female vote,” said Janelle King, an entrepreneur who was invited to speak by Trump. “They know that a majority of the votes come from black women, so they isolate the black men, and they’ve been that way for a number of years. I’m all for black girl magic and women’s empowerment, but we can't say that and then completely remove black men. It’s time for the whole family to be [active].” Flanked by her husband",politics
"The fake Amazon review economy that once prospered in private groups on Facebook, Reddit, and Discord now has a new home in the open: Facebook ads. Amazon sellers looking to boost sales have turned to buying advertisements on Facebook, touting “FREE!” samples of different products — keto snacks, phone chargers, Halloween toys — on users’ News Feeds. But the products aren’t exactly free. The sellers offer full refunds for the products, but only after buyers have left 5-star reviews on the Amazon listings. More positive reviews attract more sales, by making products appear more legitimate to customers, and also help sellers gain special eye-catching distinctions, like “Amazon’s Choice,” in Amazon’s hypercompetitive marketplace. The Facebook ads help Amazon sellers scale and, in some cases, automate their fake review operation. Here’s how it works: The ads direct interested parties to message the companies privately. A “Send Message” button at the bottom of the ad opens a Facebook Messenger window. There, the seller initiates the deal. Over the past few months, Shawn Smith, an Amazon customer in New Jersey, has been bombarded with Facebook ads for free products. Smith recently clicked on one for a free set of clip-on tool bags designed for mechanics. A Messenger window popped up with an automated message: “Do you want to know more about our Canvas Tool Zipper Bags? Please enter ‘Yes’.” A few hours later, the page, Anleolife, asked Smith if he would write a review with photos or video in exchange for the free item. But first, the seller needed a screenshot of his Amazon profile, to verify that he was, indeed, a customer who has written reviews before. The page assured Smith that the refund would come after the review was published, but taxes and PayPal fees wouldn’t be covered. Smith accepted the offer and said the bags were what he expected. But, he warned, “I generally take all reviews with a grain of salt if they are overly enthusiastic over something simple like a m",tech
"It just got harder for police to find the perpetrators of violent crimes by sleuthing in people’s family trees. Days after BuzzFeed News revealed that the website GEDmatch had bent its published rules to allow police in Utah to search for relatives of the perpetrator of a violent assault, the website changed its terms of service so that users now have to explicitly opt in for their DNA profiles to be included in law enforcement searches. GEDmatch has been the main database used by police for genealogy, involved in more than 50 of the cases solved so far. Until a significant number of the 1.2 million or more people whose DNA data has been uploaded to GEDmatch give permission for cops to search against their profiles, it means that the site has suddenly become all but useless for solving crimes. And that may set off legal tussles that go all the way to the US Supreme Court. “You will start to see search warrants being written on GEDmatch,” Paul Holes, a retired investigator with the Contra Costa County district attorney's office, who led the team that cracked the Golden State Killer case, told BuzzFeed News. If cops must obtain a warrant, Holes added, they may also seek court orders to get access to the much larger DNA databases operated by the genealogy industry’s big players, Ancestry and 23andMe — which have said that they oppose their customers’ data being used in this way. “Of course there are going to be legal battles,” Holes said. “It would not surprise me, years down the road, if this could be a US Supreme Court issue.” GEDmatch’s move follows a backlash from some genealogy enthusiasts against a decision to let its database be used in the case of a 17-year-old arrested for a violent assault on an elderly woman in Centerville, Utah. “In some of our Facebook groups, the reaction was really strong,” Debbie Kennett, a genealogist and honorary research associate at University College London, told BuzzFeed News. GEDmatch is used by people researching their family tr",science
"“Do you want me to close this door so you have privacy?” asks Jenni Tomaszewski as she chops vegetables in the kitchen. It’s April, and I’m sitting with Tomaszewski’s 22-year-year old daughter, Pia Cruz, in the family’s spotless suburban San Jose, California, living room, their boxer, Koa, at our feet. “You’re good, Mom,” Cruz says. She’d been telling me about her transition, and her mother has heard it all before: when Cruz realized she was trans (on her 18th birthday, on a family trip to Maine with her two triplet brothers); the lesbian sergeant who found women’s clothes in Cruz’s duffel during her 10-month stint in the army (“These are your girlfriend’s, right?” she’d said, and Cruz went with it because crossdressing in the military was forbidden then and now); the electrolysis she’s flying to Chicago to receive later this summer. At least for the moment, Cruz’s mother is her landlord. She moved back in with her parents last year to save for surgery and stabilize her mental health. It’s not what either of them expected for Cruz at this point in her life, but it means Cruz can put what she would have spent on rent elsewhere in the city — “easily $800 to $1,200,” she says — toward those Chicago trips, the first of which cost about $5,000. “That is my motivation,” Cruz says. Cruz and her family have reached a fragile peace after years of tumult related to her transition. They fight about the same things any 22-year-old living with her parents would fight about: Tomaszewski wants her daughter to take out the garbage without being asked. “She can really, really cook,” Tomaszewski says. “But she’s the messiest person in that kitchen. And it makes me crazy.” “Every now and then my mom will remind me of how I owe everything to her because she saved me from homelessness,” Cruz says, “even though she caused it in the first place.” Nationally, 40% of homeless youth are queer or trans. That percentage is a little lower in Santa Clara County, where Cruz lives — closer to 29% ",reader
"A women’s sex toy company has decided to sue the New York Metropolitan Transportation Authority after its ads were abruptly rejected from running in subway stations across the city. Dame Products, a startup founded by CEO Alexandra Fine and CTO Janet Lieberman in 2014 that they say aims to “close the pleasure gap,” said in a legal complaint that the suit targets the MTA’s sexism and violations of “free speech, due process, and equal protection under the First and Fourteenth Amendments.” In the document, filed Thursday with the US District Court of the Southern District of New York, the company said it had been in negotiations with the MTA since July 2018 on approving its ads to be posted throughout New York’s subway stations. The advertisements were going to include a range of vibrators and other sex toys in various shades of blue, green, pink, and burgundy with headlines like “91% of men get where they’re going while 60% of women…don’t” and ''thank you from the bottom of my vulva.” But in December 2018, the MTA unexpectedly denied the company's request, citing new additions to its advertisement policies as seen on its Frequently Asked Questions page. “The MTA Advertising Policy prohibits any advertisement that promotes a ‘sexually oriented business,’” the page reads, noting that “advertisements for sex toys or devices for any gender fall within this category.” This came as an initial shock to the company, which said in its lawsuit that it had spent “approximately $150,000 of its scant resources to incorporate the MTA’s feedback, submit revised advertisements, and order additional inventory, all in reliance on the MTA’s representation that it would accept Dame’s materials.” The company had submitted various rounds of edited advertisements to the MTA, but the final version was ultimately rejected, labeling Dame as a “sexually orientated business, which has long been prohibited by the MTA’s advertising standards,” the transit organization said in a memorandum that was",health
"CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa — There’s just one thing holding Bernie Michaels back from voting for Elizabeth Warren. “It’s long past due that a woman becomes president,” Michaels, who lives in Hiawatha, Iowa, said. “If Warren didn’t have that single-payer thing on her, I would be behind her. I would probably choose her. But I just don’t see that being electable.” Michaels is retired now, but when he was a member of the Carpenters Local union, his insurance helped him navigate a major health crisis with just a few hundred dollars in copays — insurance he and his union fought for, he said. “People don’t want to give that up.” As the popularity of Medicare for All has fallen in poll after poll over the last year, a fear is growing among some Democratic primary voters that simply backing single-payer health care would make it too difficult for a candidate to win in a general election. Jeff Cook, an attorney in Davenport, said he liked Warren, but was considering voting for Sen. Amy Klobuchar, a political moderate. The reason: “Well, it’s that uneasiness about Medicare for All. I like Medicare for All, but I think it’ll be a hard sell to independents and liberal Republicans who might vote for a Democrat.” If the singular issue of Medicare for All becomes increasingly linked with electability — the factor that remains many Democrats’ top priority in the primary — it could spell trouble for Warren, who has already struggled with questions about whether she can beat President Donald Trump. Bernie Sanders, too, has hinged his candidacy on Medicare for All, but has faced less scrutiny — in part because he has run a campaign less focused on broad appeal to moderate voters than Warren has. Warren has tried to deal with rising anxieties from voters over Medicare for All, and her own support of it. She traveled around Iowa last weekend days after announcing a plan to pay for a $20.5 trillion single-payer system that would not require raising taxes on middle class families. Some voters said",politics
"Logan Cook, known as ""Carpe Donktum"" online, was briefly suspended from Twitter on Monday amid controversy about a meme created by a contributor for his website, Meme World. He was brought back online about an hour later. Cook said the video that triggered the copyright takedown was a Super Bowl commercial posted in early February 2018. ""What they told me in the email is that I was suspended for copyright infringement,"" Cook told his followers on Periscope after getting his account reinstated. ""It was an indefinite or permanent suspension, but it was obviously reversed."" A Twitter spokesperson confirmed that Cook's account was suspended due to a copyright complaint sent to them by a copyright owner or authorized representative. According to the DMCA notice, Cook's account was part of a complaint made by Universal Music Group. Cook was one of 25 Twitter accounts listed. The complaint was sent on Monday. The video was described by Cook as a ""Super Bowl Commercial Parody,"" that was one of his favorite videos of 2018. Cook has gained notoriety in the last year for his GIFs and videos that have become a staple of the pro-Trump subreddit r/The_Donald and have even been tweeted by the president himself. Cook was invited to the White House in July for a “social media summit,” joining fellow far-right activists and influencers, including QAnon-supporting radio host Bill Mitchell, fringe social media huckster Ali Alexander, Project Veritas founder James O'Keefe, founder of Turning Point USA Charlie Kirk, and former BuzzFeed News reporter and current chief creative officer for Turning Point USA Benny Johnson. Capitalizing on his right-wing popularity, Cook recently launched Meme World, a website and basic social network for sharing right-wing and far-right memes. Cook and the Meme World community became the center of a New York Times story Monday; over the weekend, a video from a Meme World contributor was played during the American Priority Festival and Conference at Trump Na",tech
"More than two decades after 18-year-old Angie Dodge was raped and fatally stabbed in her apartment in Idaho Falls, the new forensic science of genetic genealogy has finally helped find a suspect whose DNA matches semen left at the scene. At a Thursday press conference, the Idaho Falls Police Department announced the arrest of Brian Leigh Dripps Sr., 53, from Caldwell, Idaho. At the time of the murder, he lived on the same street as Dodge. “His DNA matches the DNA sample left at the scene of the crime,” police chief Bryce Johnson said. “And he has also confessed to the crime in an interview.” The case highlights how far the science of sleuthing in genealogy databases has come in the last five years. In 2014, detectives working the case obtained a warrant that forced the leading genealogy company Ancestry to reveal the identity of a man who had put a DNA profile for his Y chromosome in a database that the company had recently acquired. The profile had a strong overlap — but wasn’t a perfect match — to semen found at the crime scene. That DNA profile belonged to the father of a New Orleans filmmaker, Michael Usry. Detectives found Usry had connections to Idaho and had made a movie titled Murderabilia about the trade in artifacts linked to notorious killers. On that evidence, police got a warrant to detain Usry and take a sample of his DNA. But it was a false lead. Conventional forensic DNA testing showed that Usry was not the killer. “Nobody ever thinks that they're gonna get picked up by the police and taken into an interrogation room and questioned about a murder,” Usry told CBS News’ 48 Hours. “When it happens to you, it's definitely a game changer.” The Dodge investigation had a troubled history even before that misstep. In 1997, detectives suspected a local man, Ben Hobbs, who had been arrested for rape in Nevada. They pulled in a friend of Hobbs, 20-year-old Christopher Tapp, who confessed under interrogation to helping hold Dodge down while Hobbs and another man",science
"Ever since Meryl Streep sauntered into Big Little Lies with a mouthful of fake teeth and oddball cadences, it's been clear that her character, Mary Louise Wright, is there to make trouble. The HBO series could use some, since it embarked on a second season that wasn’t part of the original plan, having wrapped up its first with the climactic killing of the man who’d been abusing one of the characters and who’d raped another. Beautiful, brutal Perry (Alexander Skarsgård) got shoved down the stairs, and the Monterey Five — Madeline (Reese Witherspoon), Celeste (Nicole Kidman), Jane (Shailene Woodley), Renata (Laura Dern), and Bonnie (Zoë Kravitz) — covered it up and took a cathartic trip to the beach. The obvious way to continue the story would be to threaten to expose the women’s secret, and who better to do that than the dead man’s mother? Mary Louise is ostensibly in town to help out with her grandchildren as her widowed daughter-in-law, Celeste, deals with what Mary Louise assumes is a mourning period, though for Celeste it’s a lot more complicated. But she’s also been acting at times as a shit-stirrer and an amateur detective, a self-appointed Miss Marple of the Monterey Peninsula with a conveniently selective sense of the truth. Mary Louise adored her son and seems to have no sense of (or desire to hear about) his capacity for violence. She’s implied that Jane is a liar and that Celeste was an inadequate wife, and outright insulted Madeline in a conversation that was both deliciously passive-aggressive and masterfully accessorized with a crucifix pendant. As Big Little Lies approached its season midpoint, it even teased the possibility that Mary Louise was working with the police. That was a fake-out. The big move that Mary Louise made on Sunday’s episode resulted not in a juicy twist but in a depressingly ironic one. Mary Louise was trying to have Celeste, a woman struggling to move forward from her marriage to Mary Louise’s abusive son, declared unfit as a pare",reader
"""In my four years of nursing, I have never experienced anything of the sort...nor have I witnessed anything like it. While it was happening, I just kept telling myself to stay calm and be respectful,"" she recalls. ""I felt defeated and ashamed that I wasn't able to stand my ground. I knew I had the right to breastfeed my son, yet I allowed someone to make me feel less than I was. I felt weak."" Misty says, ""I told her to show me the policy that states I can’t breastfeed my son there and I would gladly leave the park. She then told me, 'I’m the manager and I’m asking you to leave.'"" Misty Daugereaux is a registered nurse and mother of two who says she was recently asked to leave a public pool for breastfeeding her 10-month-old son. Misty told BuzzFeed she was at Nessler Park Family Aquatic Center in Texas with her 4-year-old son Noah, 10-month-old son Maxx, and 4-year-old nephew Roman in the kids' play area. ""At some point, Maxx decided he wanted to nurse. I conveniently had on a bathing suit with a peep hole in my chest, so I just slid the hole to one side and allowed him to latch. He quickly got distracted and decided he was done."" Misty says her son nursed again and that was when a lifeguard came up behind her and asked if she was breastfeeding. She recalls, ""I stated 'yes' and he responded, 'You can’t do that here, this is a public pool.' I stood up, turned around, and told him, 'Oh yes I can!'"" After the lifeguard insisted she could not breastfeed, the manager was called over. Misty says the manager told her, ""'This is a public pool and you have to be covered.' She [the manager] told me it was their policy and if I didn't follow the rules, I would have to leave."" Misty says she decided not to leave, but to get out of the water and sit in the chairs instead. A short time later, she saw a police officer talking to the manager. ""He walked over and asked me what happened, so I explained it to him."" Misty says the cop told her the manager of the pool was requesting tha",health
"WASHINGTON — Despite loudly criticizing the closed-doors secrecy of the impeachment inquiry, Senate Republicans widely say they will not watch the public hearings next week. Some said they would be too busy, others cited a lack of faith in the inquiry itself. Sen. Richard Shelby argued it would be inappropriate to watch the hearings since impeachment will likely lead to a trial before the Senate. “I wouldn’t want to see that,” he said of the hearings. “That wouldn’t affect me at all.” For weeks, the GOP’s main line of attack focused on the House Intelligence Committee holding secret meetings which the public and Trump’s own lawyers could not watch. (That escalated when House Republicans stormed into the classified briefing room where the impeachment investigation is happening.) But as Democrats have started to open up and make the inquiry public, Republicans have struggled to switch from talking about process to talking about the substance of the allegations — that President Donald Trump asked the Ukrainian president for help digging up dirt on his political rivals in exchange for military aid. It hasn’t helped that there’s been a stream of bad news for the president coming out of the hearings. First, the committees began releasing transcripts of officials who testified they believed Trump demanded a political quid pro quo from Ukraine. The most recent blow came this week when investigators revealed that US Ambassador to the European Union Gordon Sondland, a mega-donor to Trump, admitted he had told Ukrainian officials they would need to publicly launch an investigation into former vice president Joe Biden’s family in order for Trump to approve hundreds of millions of dollars in military aid, reversing his own earlier testimony in the House. But many Republican senators won’t comment on these developments because they say they’ve been too busy to read the transcripts. “I’m going to do nothing on the House’s schedule, they’ve been obstructive all the way through,” sa",politics
"“Chinese netizens hail Apple’s removal of app that aids HK rioters."" That was how the Global Times, a Chinese Communist Party outlet, covered Apple’s removal of HKmap.live, an app that helped Hong Kong protesters track police, from the iOS App Store. It was emblematic of the adulatory coverage news outlets controlled by the Chinese government have bestowed on Apple this week. “Apple highly values the Chinese market and removing the controversial app is a smart move,” an analyst said in the article, driving home the party’s approval. In the People’s Daily, the Chinese Communist Party's official newspaper, the story “Apple removes app which helped HK rioters elude police” was the business section’s most-read story Friday. Apple’s recent actions in China are a continuation of the company’s years-long practice of appeasing Beijing. To do business in China, the company adopts to local dictates, distasteful as they may be to its CEO Tim Cook, an outspoken gay rights advocate and privacy crusader. It's an ironic inversion of a longstanding argument in the West that by bringing China into the world trade system, the country would adopt western values. Instead, China is asking tech companies to adopt its values — and Apple is willing to pay that price. In early 2018 as development on Apple’s slate of exclusive Apple TV+ programming was underway, the company’s leadership gave guidance to the creators of some of those shows to avoid portraying China in a poor light, BuzzFeed News has learned. Sources in position to know said the instruction was communicated by Eddy Cue, Apple’s SVP of internet software and services, and Morgan Wandell, its head of international content development. It was part of Apple's ongoing efforts to remain in China’s good graces after a 2016 incident in which Beijing shut down Apple’s iBooks Store and iTunes Movies six months after they debuted in the country. A spokesperson for Apple declined to comment. Apple’s tiptoeing around the Chinese government ",tech
"Jay Inslee, the Washington governor now running for president, is proposing $9 trillion in new climate-related investment over the next decade as part of his sweeping climate change policy, one that goes further in detail and ambition than climate plans from any other 2020 presidential candidate. The “Evergreen Economy Plan” is Inslee’s second climate proposal this month, offering fresh details and price tags that expand upon the broad goals laid out in the first plan. There are even more policies to come in the future, according to Inslee’s campaign. “Our first was based on the standards that we need to set, and the second is a very robust, bold, and comprehensive plan on how to meet those standards,” Inslee told BuzzFeed News. “An essential part of the theory on this is we want all Americans to have a chance to prosper, have a healthy future, and that includes those in some of the older industries as we’re transitioning to the future,” he said. In early May, Inslee proposed shuttering all US coal plants by 2030 and pledged to support the coal workers whose jobs would disappear and the communities they live in. The new proposal explains exactly how he will do that, pitching a “GI Bill” to ensure retirement and health benefits for workers in the coal, oil, and other industries who could be jobless if the US quickly transitions away from fossil fuels to a clean energy economy. Moreover, these workers and their communities would be offered education and training to pursue work in other sectors. President Donald Trump campaigned on reviving the coal industry, and his administration has loosened several coal regulations. His son Donald Trump Jr. recently knocked Inslee’s anti-coal rhetoric. US coal plants are still retiring in the face of cheaper energy alternatives. Since Trump was elected in November 2016, about 50 coal plants have announced retirement plans, according to the Sierra Club environmental group. Relatedly, a number of US coal companies have declared bankr",science
"The spring of 1986 was warm in Kiev, Ukraine. White chestnut blossoms dotted the greenery. Cotton ball–sized fluff from poplar trees rolled over the grass in the courtyard of our apartment building. April 22 was Vladimir Lenin’s birthday. All of us third-graders boarded trolleys to ride to the Lenin Museum, thrilled for the ceremony we’d been anxiously awaiting — the ceremony we’d worked so hard for. We were becoming Young Pioneers. Our parents had bought us the red kerchiefs, and we’d practiced tying them around our necks just so, puffing our chests when we caught our reflections in storefront windows. After school, I insisted on wearing my Young Pioneer uniform (white shirt, navy skirt, red kerchief) to run to a store to buy food for my birthday party the next day, April 23. My mother and I used the dining table in our communal apartment’s kitchen, which we shared with two other families, to roll out pie dough. The heat from the oven baked my neck under the starched shirt collar. “Are you proud, little Pioneer?” asked our neighbor Irene, summoned out of her room by the aroma of the baking pie. “You look good in red.” “Yes,” I said, a little too loudly. I fumed at Irene’s shallowness. Red was the color of blood that the Young Pioneer heroes had spilled for our motherland! At school, we read and memorized stories of children who had died blowing up Nazi trains, poisoning Nazi officers, or smuggling vital intelligence behind enemy lines in World War II, so that we could have a peaceful childhood. I dreamed of becoming a Pioneer hero. I had imagined a Young Pioneer hero card, like the ones we had to buy and study for our political information class, with my portrait (the red kerchief perfectly tied) and a story about how I blew up an enemy plane. On April 29, our next-door neighbor Olena came to my mother for a cup of coffee. Usually, they sat on the landing between the apartments, sharing an ashtray atop a wooden chest that stored potatoes and onions through the wint",reader
"Flat Tummy has been the subject of debates and criticism online, particularly for its weight loss and detox tea products. A disclaimer on its website reads: ""These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration."" Jameela Jamil has always been vocal when it comes to calling out celebrities who promote weight loss products on social media. In the past, the Good Place actor has dragged Cardi B for promoting ""laxative nonsense"". She also got into it with Iggy Azalea, calling her a ""double agent for the patriarchy"" after she promoted a similar product. Jameela has also previously critcised both Kim and Khloé Kardashian for the products that they promote and the message they're sending to younger women. Now, Jameela has set her sights on Amber Rose, who recently promoted a product in a paid partnership with Flat Tummy. In the accompanying caption, Amber, who's currently pregnant, claimed that the product was to ""help us moms with those bloated, nauseous, blah feeling days"". She also alleged that the product is safe to take while pregnant or breastfeeding. However, Jameela wasn't buying it. Posting a screenshot of the picture on Twitter, she seemed astonished at the fact these new products were intended for pregnant women, especially considering they're not FDA-approved. In another tweet, Jameela called out women with significant social media platforms for promoting ""such irresponsible fuckshit"". Amber's Instagram comments were also far from positive. Appearing to respond to the criticism, Amber later edited her Instagram caption and explained that the product wasn't a detox tea, adding: ""Haters stop riding the bandwagon and think for yourselves."" BuzzFeed has reached out to representatives of Jameela, Amber, and Flat Tummy for comment.",health
"WASHINGTON — After months of infighting (often about impeachment), the Democratic Party has been mostly unified since the House formally began its inquiry into President Donald Trump in late September. Last week, they lost just two votes on a resolution affirming their inquiry and outlining its next steps. Witnesses are testifying nearly every day, and the investigation is moving forward toward a likely vote to impeach Trump. But as that vote inches closer, the cracks in the party are (inevitably) starting to show, and a fight over what’s in the articles of impeachment themselves has begun in earnest. “Some people may want to try and charge everything the president has done wrong over the course of his career, and obviously we can’t do that,” Rep. Jamie Raskin, a longtime impeachment supporter who sits on the Judiciary and Oversight committees, said in an interview with BuzzFeed News Thursday. Others, he said, want to focus more narrowly. “Some people may want to try to blank out the whole pattern and system of corruption to just focus on one event. That might be placing things at too microscopic a level. We have to try to tell a comprehensive story faithfully while at the same time zeroing in on the criminal charges where we think the evidence is decisive and irrefutable,” Raskin said. Raskin stressed that the articles have not yet been written and that the House is still in a “fact-finding phase.” But as of now, Democratic members and aides say articles of impeachment will definitely include an article related to Trump’s dealings with Ukraine and the alleged quid pro quo at the center of the inquiry, in addition to obstruction of Congress (many members of the administration have defied congressional subpoenas under orders from the White House). But some members of the caucus want to go further, arguing that the articles should also include other allegations against Trump, like claims of sexual assault and his continued stake in his DC hotel (Democrats allege he’s ",politics
"Before 27-year-old far-right extremist Stephan Balliet tried to shoot his way into a synagogue in Halle, Germany, Wednesday, killing two people with homemade weapons nearby, he uploaded a manifesto to a now-deleted general-purpose discussion thread on an obscure message board called Meguca. Meguca, though an independent website, is loosely affiliated with 4chan’s anime board. It shares the name of a popular meme making fun of the anime Puella Magi Madoka Magica and hosts similarly toxic free-speech free-for-alls. “[M]eguca.org has not received any gag orders and there's no Patriot Act here. Sucks to live in a third world police state like the US,” a note on the homepage reads. In his Wednesday post on Meguca, the Halle gunman interrupts a discussion about video games, politics and anime to announce that he has been building improvised weapons. “For all of you, who live in no fun countries, this may be of interest. Over the past years I build and tested different improvised weapons,” the post reads. “Of course, there are dozens of improvised designs out there, so what’s special with mine? Simple, I prefer live testing.” The post included a link to a channel called “spilljuice"" on the popular livestreaming platform Twitch — the channel from which gunman would later stream his attack. In the Meguca thread viewed by BuzzFeed News, users spend about 10 minutes sharing pictures of Balliet’s homemade weapons before they realize that Balliet is carrying out a terror attack on his Twitch channel. “Godspeed anon, I'll stay with you if this is it,” one Meguca user writes. “Quick, how do I save a broadcast in progress?” After the gunman’s 35-minute stream ended, users scrambled to record it. “Saving now, its about a gig and 30 minutes and my connection is slow, but steady. Will make immediate backups,” one user writes. “I hope he's okay, and succeeded.” Twitch, in a Twitter thread Wednesday, said the gunman only had a live audience of five and approximately 2,200 people watched",tech
"LONDON — Italy is banking on European Union governments backing its bid to host next year’s UN flagship climate change summit, despite its deputy prime minister’s sketchy record on the issue. The nationalist Lega party, the junior partner in Italy’s governing coalition, has formed controversial alliances with far-right climate change deniers, putting EU member states in a difficult position. There are also concerns about the Italian government’s capacity to successfully deliver the event, and some officials and climate change experts now hope Italy withdraws its candidacy. The UK and Italy both wrote to the permanent missions of the United Nations earlier this year to formally announce their candidatures to host COP26, the UN’s 2020 climate summit, documents obtained by BuzzFeed News show. Turkey has also expressed an interest in staging the event, but its bid is seen as unlikely to succeed, climate experts said. BuzzFeed News can also reveal that the British government is on a “charm offensive,” lobbying Italy to drop its bid, and has pitched a collaborative proposal. A decision is expected later this year. It will be taken by a group of countries known as the ""Western European and Other States,"" which includes, among others, Australia, Canada, and the US — meaning that a bloc EU vote would go a long way in determining who hosts the summit. Next year’s meeting is viewed as critical to setting ambitious long-term goals and concrete action plans for the next three decades. The summit will also mark the moment governments take stock of their existing commitments under the Paris climate agreement, which is expected to come into full effect in 2020. President Donald Trump pulled the US out of the accord two years ago amid widespread criticism from allies around the world. As a member of the European Parliament, Matteo Salvini, now Italy’s deputy prime minister and leader of Lega, voted against the Paris agreement, while his party abstained from a vote in the Italian Par",science
"In the past five months, two debut young adult authors have chosen to postpone or cancel their books in the wake of intense social media scrutiny. Kosoko Jackson pulled his novel A Place for Wolves after criticism of how (among other issues) the book set a romance against the backdrop of genocide. Amélie Wen Zhao delayed publication of her debut fantasy, Blood Heir, after critiques that the book was racist. (After some revision, Blood Heir is now scheduled for publication in November.) Neither instance was a first: not the first time a YA author opted to pull a book after criticism, nor the first time such critique drew media attention. They followed in the footsteps of books including The Continent, which author Keira Drake pulled and revised after readers pointed out the book’s racist stereotypes; The Black Witch, which was criticized for how it depicted the slow growth of a narrow-minded young woman; and Laura Moriarty’s American Heart, which lost the star on its Kirkus Review after people challenged its white savior narrative. But this was the first time two authors in quick succession withdrew their books from publication. Media discussion of these flashpoints often focuses on the future of a book and its author, but also often involves sweeping statements about “Twitter mobs” or “purity tests” being applied to books. The focus on the author is understandable, to a point: It’s inarguable that it sucks to be the subject of a Twitter pile-on, and Twitter itself is, as David Auerbach wrote in Slate in 2014, broken. But “the problem isn’t Twitter,” Patrice Caldwell, a literary agent, writer, editor, and the founder of POC in Publishing, told me in an email. “It’s publishing’s lack of support for marginalized people and lack of care to invest in us AND in training themselves.” However flawed social media may be, it’s still an important tool for giving marginalized voices and diversity advocates a much-needed platform. And if we set aside, for a moment, the focus on ",reader
"US suicide rates are the highest they've been since World War II, federal health officials said Thursday, with the rise particularly acute among indigenous women. According to a new report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the suicide rate was 33% higher in 2017 than in 1999. The increase was seen in both men and women and among all races and ethnicities. Still, the uptick was not equally sharp for all groups — it was felt at a disproportionate rate by Native Americans and Alaska Natives, and particularly by women in these communities. For indigenous women, the suicide rate increased by 139%. For men in the same group, it went up 71%. The rates for this group have been particularly high among young people, with the vast majority of suicides affecting those ages 15 to 44. Among the 45-to-65 age group, the rate was highest among white people for both men and women. Native Americans have long faced disproportionately high rates of suicide, particularly for young people, as compared with other groups in the US, according to the Indian Health Service. ""As a result of historical trauma, chronically underfunded federal programs, and broken promises on the part of the US government,"" Native Americans face a slew of issues that have driven suicide into a crisis, according to the Center for Native American Youth. According to the US Census Bureau, Native Americans face the highest rates of poverty of any racial group and have lower rates of high school graduation. More than half of women in this group have reported being sexually assaulted, according to the Indian Law Resource Center. Native Americans also face the highest rates of alcoholism of any racial group, which researchers have linked to the arrival of white settlers on their land who brought alcohol and sold it to them. Studies have shown that people with alcohol addiction have an increased risk of suicide. ""Certainly for [Native American and Alaska Native] men and women, alcohol use by the individ",health
"WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump must pay $2 million in damages for allowing his 2016 campaign to misuse money raised through his now-dissolved charity, the Trump Foundation, a judge ruled Thursday. That money, along with $1.78 million in assets left over from the Trump Foundation, will be split among eight charities. The order is a win for the New York Attorney General's Office, which had sued Trump, his foundation, and his adult children who had served on the foundation's board — Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump, and Eric Trump. New York Supreme Court Judge Saliann Scarpulla ruled that the foundation had wrongly allowed Trump's campaign to orchestrate a fundraiser in Iowa for the charity in January 2016, and that the campaign used the event to its benefit, which was a violation of rules that govern the operation of nonprofits. Scarpulla found that Trump ""breached his fiduciary duty to the Foundation and that waste occurred to the Foundation."" The New York Attorney General's Office had asked the judge to award $2.8 million in damages — representing the total amount raised at the 2016 event — but Scarpulla declined, since that money ultimately did go to charities. ""The court’s decision, together with the settlements we negotiated, are a major victory in our efforts to protect charitable assets and hold accountable those who would abuse charities for personal gain,"" New York Attorney General Letitia James said in a statement. ""My office will continue to fight for accountability because no one is above the law — not a businessman, not a candidate for office, and not even the President of the United States."" The Trump Foundation released a statement saying it was ""pleased to donate an additional $2 million"" to the eight charities identified in Scarpulla's order. The statement blamed James' office for delaying the donation by pressing the court case, and noted that Scarpulla denied the attorney general's request for additional damages because Trump had agreed to other ",politics
"This article is copublished with ProPublica, a nonprofit newsroom that investigates abuses of power. Sign up for ProPublica’s Big Story newsletter to receive stories like this one in your inbox as soon as they are published. Amazon has abruptly canceled its contracts with three major delivery firms, a move that will put more than 2,000 people out of work and may signal a shift in how the online retail giant plans to deliver millions of packages to homes across the country every day. Inpax Shipping Solutions, based in Atlanta, has told employment regulators in six states that it would lay off at least 925 employees beginning Oct. 2 and would cease all delivery services for Amazon by early December, according to government records. Another contractor, Sheard-Loman Transport, said in a court filing late last month that its Amazon contract would not be renewed, a move that it called “completely unexpected and a cause for serious concern,” and that is said would lead to the firing of roughly 200 employees in three states. The firm, headquartered in Chicago, said it would cease delivering Amazon packages on Sept. 30. And a third company, San Diego-based Letter Ride LLC, told labor authorities in California and Texas that in early December it would begin laying off 897 drivers, dispatchers and other employees. The contract terminations follow recent investigations of Amazon’s fast-growing delivery network by BuzzFeed News and ProPublica, which focused on how the intense financial and deadline pressure Amazon puts on its growing fleet of independent delivery contractors can lead to worker mistreatment and threaten public safety. The news organizations documented deaths linked to each of these three contractors. In December 2016, a van driven by an Inpax employee hit and killed Telesfora Escamilla, an 84-year old grandmother in Chicago. The driver was charged with reckless homicide but ultimately acquitted. A civil suit brought by the family of the victim claims that Amazon ",tech
"When Michelle*, 21, was 18, she and her sister were experiencing abuse at the hands of their step-father. Her attempt to leave home was thwarted when an application for Centrelink support was knocked back. She decided to go to headspace, a mental health service for people aged 12 to 25, with over 100 centres through Australia. It focuses on early intervention and services tailored to young people. It also offers phone and online support, as well as help with physical and sexual health, drug and alcohol issues, and life skills. She had previously received headspace services on and off since her early teenage years, and she decided to go back again to a centre in Melbourne’s east. She started regularly meeting with a mental health nurse over the next few months, building up a relationship. Her sessions were helpful, but then the nurse was promoted to a role where he no longer saw patients. Instead of referring her to someone else in headspace, Michelle says the nurse gave her the name of an external person, whom she couldn’t afford to pay. “So my support ended,” she said. BuzzFeed News put Michelle's story to headspace CEO Jason Trethowan, who said headspace, like other services, had capacity constraints. ""Safely moving young people on is something we have to do on an all too regular basis,"" he said. Where headspace does not have capacity or the right clinicians, it will refer people to partners in the mental health system, he said. Michelle recently emailed the same centre saying she needed support and asking for an appointment. She was surprised to find the waiting list was 12 weeks. “In 12 weeks I’m not even going to be in the country, so there’s no point,” she said. “When I was there, when I was in sessions talking to professionals, I found it helpful,” Michelle said. “The issue was that the support didn’t seem to be always available or ongoing.” headspace plays a significant role in both the Coalition's and Labor's promises to address youth mental health in their",science
"When you start writing professionally, namely about yourself, people don’t really tell you that putting that kind of work out into the world can feel dangerous. Dangerous to your sense of safety, dangerous to your sense of self, to your relationships, and perhaps even to any potential future career. Write the wrong thing — and here, wrong can mean anything from merely obnoxious to cruel or racist or wildly incorrect or otherwise offensive — and it’s easy to be misunderstood, or eviscerated online, or fully canceled, whether for good reason or not. This fear has only become exacerbated by constant online feedback. While literary backchannels have always shared negative book reviews, dreaded one-star Goodreads reviews now keep authors up at night, adding to that feeling that everyone can witness (and contribute to) your public failure. Plus, no one likes being the center of a Twitter pile-on, even when it might be ultimately deserved. We’re all waiting for someone to tell us we’ve written something that failed — and we’re all anxious about how devastating the consequences might be. Which is why, perhaps, the author Kathleen Hale has become a representative for a worst-case scenario of what can happen when someone writes something that has been deemed “wrong.” But Hale’s story is not just about a singular personal disaster — it also speaks to the nature of criticism today, so-called cancel culture, and the growing power of Goodreads, especially for emerging genre writers. In January 2014, Hale was a 27-year-old freelance journalist and essayist, living in New York with one recently released YA book and a second under contract with HarperCollins. Her debut, No One Else Can Have You, was considered controversial for a book marketed to teenagers. The dark comedy, which included references to murder and abuse, raised the ire of some reviewers online — including on Goodreads, an online community that has become a major driver of book publicity, where anyone can leave review",reader
"Kate had a medical abortion on the eve of Mother's Day 2016. “For me the termination was an act of love for my other children and a reaffirmation of my love for my relationship,” she says, whispering into the phone so as not to wake her sleeping baby. “If I hadn’t had an abortion my life would be over… I know I would have taken my own life and left many children without a mum.” When Kate fell pregnant she was battling a then undiagnosed mental illness that she says was a “threat to her life”. “I became incredibly low in my mood and became a threat to myself in terms of self-harm and suicide,” the now 38-year-old says. “It threatened the stability of my life and in particular the relationship I had with my partner.” The contraception the couple was using had failed. “Time kind of stood still when I held that pregnancy test in my hand,” she says. “It was an immediate decision [that] I would terminate.” In Australia abortion drug RU486 can be taken up to nine weeks gestation, so Kate called her GP. “I remember crying on the phone to the receptionist, begging for an appointment to get a prescription, but they just said ‘this is not the process you go through’,” she says. “It isn’t as easy as just going to a local pharmacy and getting something over the counter, there are so many logistical hurdles you have to go through, whether that is in terms of having the money or getting an appointment.” Kate, who lives in the Australian Capital Territory, was referred to national not-for-profit reproductive health service Marie Stopes Australia, which provides the bulk of the nation's pregnancy termination services, especially in jurisdictions where there is little or no public provision of abortion. Marie Stopes Australia estimates 58% of all patients are already mothers, and says women in their late 20s and early 30s are most likely to have abortions. For patients aged over 30, 74% have at least one child, and 27% have three or more children. “I used to walk by the clinic every ",health
"This is an excerpt from The Stakes 2020, BuzzFeed News' newsletter about what really matters in the 2020 campaign. You can sign up here. Bill Weld has had a pretty amazing life in politics — he was a US attorney and senior Justice Department official under Reagan and then a successful, two-term governor of Massachusetts. He’s been in the political wilderness for the last 20 years, however, doing eccentric things like...running for the Republican nomination against Donald Trump. We talked about it via text message on Tuesday. Click here to read a transcript of this interview.",politics
"Andy Rubin, the former Google senior vice president whose $90 million exit package caused a worldwide employee walkout at the search giant last year, quietly left Playground Global, the venture firm he founded, in May according to documents viewed by BuzzFeed News. The revelation comes as Rubin, who was accused of coercing a subordinate into sexual acts while at Google before being given a hero’s send-off in 2014, attempts to make a public comeback with Essential Products, the mobile device company he founded. On Tuesday, Rubin tweeted images of Essential’s new phones, some of his first public statements since late 2018 when news broke on the circumstances surrounding his exit from Google. Those circumstances caused an uproar at Google, which was already dealing with several stories of executive harassment and misbehavior, and provided direct proof that Larry Page, the CEO of Google parent company Alphabet, and his board members had intentionally tried to cover up misdeeds at the top. Not only were Google executives aware of allegations of sexual misconduct at the time of Rubin’s exit, but they failed to notify employees, lauded him in a departure announcement, and sent him off with a $90 million exit package. Rubin's departure from Playground was also accompanied by a payout, with a source familiar placing the amount at more than $9 million. Documents related to his exit, which were seen by some investors and the company’s leadership, but not all of Playground’s staff, were reviewed by BuzzFeed News. “Effective May 31, 2019, Playground Global ended our business relationship with Andy Rubin,” read one internal document. “While Andy is still a good friend of Playground, he no longer has any economic interest in or any ongoing roles at Playground Global or the related funds.” The exact reasons for Rubin’s exit from Playground are unknown, though he remains on the company’s site with the title of “Founding Partner.” Rubin did not respond to an email request for comment",tech
"Nick Milyari Fitzpatrick spends a lot of time on the road. The 28-year-old is one of the Aboriginal campaigners fighting against fracking in the Northern Territory. Fracking — hydraulic fracturing — involves injecting fluid into underground rock at a high pressure to open cracks and force the release of gas. The NT lifted its fracking moratorium last year, opening the door to drilling wells in the NT’s Beetaloo sub-basin. While the NT government argues fracking will create jobs and boost the disastrous NT economy, some Aboriginal people are worried about the dangers it poses to their country. As a remote coordinator for Indigenous youth climate network Seed, Fitzpatrick has travelled hundreds of kilometres across the Territory to communities like Miniyeri, Elliott, Robinson River, Tennant Creek and his hometown of Borroloola. “We’ve been going around and educating mob around fracking and how we’re burning too many fossil fuels,” Fitzpatrick told BuzzFeed News. When he reaches a community, Fitzpatrick will start off by talking to people. “We give them flyers, and have a barbecue that afternoon or the next day,” Fitzpatrick said. “Everyone can turn up and get a bit of an education.” He believes government officials doing consultations in communities don’t properly describe fracking’s risks. “They just talk about royalties and how it’s all safe,” he said. He is also able to connect with his audience more easily. “Because I grew up on country it’s pretty easy for me to speak and understand Kriol, and that’s the way to speak to a lot of countrymen — through that broken English,” he said. The future of fracking is a key election issue for the NT. In the federal election, both the Greens and a new party called 1 Territory are calling for a fracking ban. Labor leader Bill Shorten disappointed fracking opponents with a campaign pledge to allocate $1.5 billion to gas pipeline infrastructure in the NT and Queensland — which would include spending on a pipeline from the Beetalo",science
"Madonna is done talking about her age. In the press cycle for her 14th studio album, Madame X, released last Friday, the pop icon has lamented “being punished for turning 60” to British Vogue and feeling “raped” by a New York Times Magazine profile’s “never ending comments about [her] age.” Her anger, on the one hand, makes perfect sense. In the last 10 years, Madonna, who’s built a legacy on shredding societal norms, has often called out the media for its tireless astonishment at a woman still playing the pop game past her 50th birthday. We should take her art at face value, her frustration implies, and question why we’re so shocked by her mere continued existence. On the other hand, Madonna’s indignation is a little puzzling. This is capital-P Pop music, after all, a medium that justly or unjustly is about fetishizing youth — the heightened emotions, the horniness, the athletic live performances — and isolating the fickle tastes of a teen-skewing, music-consuming public. This is doubly so for women. It was true when a 25-year-old Madonna writhed around in a tattered wedding dress on MTV, electrifying teens, horrifying their parents, and blueprinting pop stardom as we know it. And it remains so this year, with the ascent of the 17-year-old goth pop phenom Billie Eilish. A 60-year-old pop performer is just not something you see a lot. In fact, as one of just a handful of women pop artists who’ve maintained relevant pop careers deep into their thirties and beyond — Cher, Tina Turner, Janet Jackson, Kylie Minogue, Mariah Carey, and now Beyoncé among them — it actually feels wrong not to note Madonna’s age. It’s a crucial part of what makes her fascinating and exceptional in 2019. Even more head-scratching, Madonna spent her late thirties and forties pioneering a mode of middle-aged pop stardom that flaunted maturity and leveraged honesty about aging to her advantage. From 1998’s masterpiece Ray of Light through 2005’s Confessions on a Dance Floor, Madonna made music t",reader
"When you get your vibrator setting on JUST the right speed and GO TO TOWN: When you just get going and the battery dies: When you get going on the highest speed and it feels like your clit might burn off: And when you actually do burn your clit off: When you only have three minutes but know you can make it work: When you come and look up only to see your pet staring at you: And when you turn your vibrator on in bed and your pet pops their head up to figure out what the noise is: When you open up that bedside table drawer and try to decide which one you are going to go with today: Your face before you use your vibrator: And your face after you use your vibrator: When you turn it on and your home is completely silent and it vibrates loud as hell: When you buy yourself a fancy new vibrator and you are trying to figure out what all the settings are for: When you have to leave for the day but see your vibrator on the bedside table knowing it will be waiting for you when you get home: When you fall asleep with your vibrator on your chest: When you find the right spot: When your vibrator is able to make you climax a SECOND time in just a matter of minutes: When your partner puts the setting on wayyy too high: When you have a good session and have to come up for air and get back to your life and reality: When you use your vibrator in the shower, but end up basically drowning in water instead of climaxing: When you give yourself a great orgasm then catch a glimpse of yourself in the mirror: When you see how wet the sheets are after your vibrator made you come particularly hard: When you use your vibrator under the sheets because you like how it feels more private: When you're super horny, but drop your vibrator on the floor and realize you need to clean it off before you get to use it: When you use a waterproof vibrator in the tub for the first time: And finally, when you realize your vibrator is your one true love:",health
"WASHINGTON — At the start of Roger Stone’s criminal trial Wednesday, a federal prosecutor told the jury that the case was “not about politics.” Except it’s all about politics. Stone, a longtime adviser to President Donald Trump, is charged with lying to Congress about trying to contact WikiLeaks and its founder, Julian Assange, during the 2016 campaign and communicate what he was learning to Trump’s campaign. To prove that, prosecutors spent the first day of the trial presenting evidence that Stone did try to contact WikiLeaks — and that he was, in fact, not only in touch with the campaign, but with Trump himself. The jury saw emails, text messages, and call records documenting Stone’s communications with the campaign around the same time that he was in touch with two associates about tracking down emails stolen from the Democratic National Committee that were eventually released by WikiLeaks; the US intelligence community later concluded that Russian intelligence was involved in hacking the DNC and orchestrating the release of the stolen emails through WikiLeaks. The jury saw records of phone calls between then-candidate Trump and Stone in 2016, including on June 14, 2016, when the DNC announced it had been hacked, and in the weeks that followed. Prosecutors made clear that they didn’t know what the two men discussed — they only had the call logs — but they placed those calls in the middle of a timeline of Stone’s alleged efforts to get messages to WikiLeaks and Assange. “Evidence will show Roger Stone lied to the House Intelligence Committee because the truth looked bad. The truth looked bad for the Trump campaign and the truth looked bad for Donald Trump,” Assistant US Attorney Aaron Zelinsky told the jury. The trial in the US District Court for the District of Columbia is expected to last at least two weeks. The courtroom was full on Wednesday, and a handful of demonstrators for and against Stone have shown up to the courthouse this week — on Wednesday, someone ",politics
"Apple removed from its App Store on Wednesday a popular crowdsourced mapping app called HKmap.live, which let people in Hong Kong track police during the country’s ongoing pro-democracy protests. The removal has sparked outrage from critics who have accused the company of kowtowing to the Chinese government. Apple removed the app days after the company was criticized in Chinese state media for aiding “rioters” in Hong Kong. An editorial in People’s Daily, a government-run newspaper, said: “Letting poisonous software have its ways is a betrayal of Chinese people’s feelings.” In a statement late on Wednesday, Apple said: We created the App Store to be a safe and trusted place to discover apps. We have learned that an app, HKmap.live, has been used in ways that endanger law enforcement and residents in Hong Kong. Many concerned customers in Hong Kong have contacted us about this app and we immediately began investigating it. The app displays police locations and we have verified with the Hong Kong Cybersecurity and Technology Crime Bureau [CSTCB] that the app has been used to target and ambush police, threaten public safety, and criminals have used it to victimize residents in areas where they know there is no law enforcement. This app violates our guidelines and local laws, and we have removed it from the App Store. In response, the developers of HKmap.live tweeted that there was “0 evidence to support CSTCB’s accusation” and added that “HKmap App never solicits, promotes, or encourages criminal activity. HKmap App consolidates information from user and public sources, e.g. live news stream, Facebook and Telegram.” China is Apple’s second-most important market after the United States. The company generated $52 billion — a fifth of its sales — from Chinese customers in the last year alone, and it also manufactures most of its products in the country. For years, Apple has responded to Chinese pressure. It has deleted hundreds of apps from its App Store in China, includi",tech
"For the first time on record, the new forensic science of genetic genealogy has been used to identify a suspect in a case of violent assault. Cops in Utah had to obtain special permission to upload crime scene DNA to a website called GEDmatch, which had previously only allowed police to investigate homicides or rapes. Critics worry that the case, which led to the arrest of a 17-year-old high school student who has not yet been named, marks the start of a “slippery slope” to law enforcement using such methods to investigate increasingly less serious offenses, eroding people’s genetic privacy. “This is very disturbing,” Leah Larkin, a genealogist in Livermore, California, who helps adoptees find their biological relatives, told BuzzFeed News. “We’re right here on the precipice, sliding down.” The terms of service on GEDmatch, a website used by genealogy enthusiasts to research their family trees, are clear: If cops want to use the service to crack criminal cases, they need to be investigating a homicide or a sexual assault. Detectives in Centerville, Utah, were not. They wanted to catch the assailant who broke into a Mormon church on Nov. 17, 2018, and put a 71-year-old woman who was playing the organ in a chokehold. She passed out several times, according to a police press release, but survived the attack. When the DNA analysis company Parabon NanoLabs told Centerville police that it couldn’t upload a DNA profile from the crime scene to GEDmatch, the lead detective didn’t take “no” for an answer. He went to Curtis Rogers, a retired businessman in Florida who runs GEDmatch, and argued that the assailant was likely to strike again. Rogers gave permission for Parabon to pursue the case in December, Steven Armentrout, Parabon’s CEO, told BuzzFeed News. “In this particular incident, the police made a compelling case that this person was a public risk,” Armentrout said. “This case was as close to a homicide as you can get,” Rogers told BuzzFeed News by email. “The victim w",science
"Without hormones my femininity is fraying. Twice I’ve been called “sir.” Once by a parking lot attendant and a second time by the young man who bagged my groceries. I did not correct them. Instead I tried to sit with the idea I’d been misgendered. I don’t possess the strong female signifiers I once did. My hair is not long and shiny, my skin is no longer smooth. Plus I do less to support my gender artificially. I wear more androgynous clothing and rarely put on makeup. I’ve lost interest in doing my female gender, propping it up. When I do dress up for a wedding or a bat mitzvah, I feel like a drag queen, performing a gender out of sync with my physicality; but unlike a drag queen, I don’t feel that gender is natural or correct. Virginie Despentes, in her 2010 manifesto King Kong Theory, is unashamed of not wanting to be feminine. She does not care that she is not a “hot sexy number.” But, she explains, she is “livid that — as a girl who does not attract men — I am constantly made to feel as if I shouldn’t even be around.” Rather than work to reestablish her femininity, she’s relieved to let it go. “Never before has a society demanded as much proof of submission to an aesthetic ideal, or as much body modification, to achieve physical femininity.” She points out that it’s not that some women are feminine failures, but that femininity itself is not a reliable goal. I came of age in Virginia, in a feminizing culture where the male/female binary was brutally enforced. I rose at 6:00 a.m. to wash, blow-dry, hot-curl, and hair-spray my hair every single day. If I missed a day, I could be accused of being a greasy-haired freak. I was often whispered about and laughed at for making mistakes at performing my gender. I was always at the edge of popularity, barely holding on, and my femininity was under constant surveillance. Girls who were supposedly my friends criticized my hair, the way I walked, the smear of foundation on my chin, the black stubble under my arms. And, if I",reader
"Some submissions have been editing for length and/or clarity. —snufflepupagus ""My dad survived, but that was the beginning of the end for my first marriage."" —carolinel488bb97ff —j45b2f6094 —angieg421ddf032 —jennyn4e98a0eaf —daniellea8 —annec4948c1917 ""My husband had never visited any centers and when I asked him about it, he said he was scared to tell me. That day I took the kids home (distraught), called in sick to work, and packed his bags. He left without a word. The next day I got a text saying I'd forgotten to pack his PlayStation."" —charlottelouisem2 —courtneyb4a7e03fb9 ""During his interview with our eventual new boss — unbeknownst to me — he told her I was pregnant, that we were 'expecting,' even though I had asked him not to say anything to anyone. I only found this out after we were both hired, and our boss took the (entire) office to lunch and she congratulated me on my pregnancy in front of everyone, and before I could even comprehend what she was saying, my (then) husband blurted out 'actually, she decided it wasn’t the right time for us.' You could have heard a pin drop in that moment. ""What’s worse — later, when I told him how hurt and embarrassed I was, he became angry and said that it was just as much his business as it was mine. He then gave me the silent treatment for an entire day. ""I left him within a year."" —keljsc1226 —marileec3 —craigl10 ""I also found bottles of viagra in his car (not used with me because sex stopped with us months before) and a shitload of weed and wads of cash. Oh, and to top it off, he's also a criminal defense attorney."" —mariascheuringe ""Unfortunately, I didn't realize this was my breaking point and suffered through another eight years, about 10 other girls, and countless lies. I was afraid to leave and got manipulated into staying because I was fearful of hurting my son. Now that the divorce has passed and the dust has settled, I'm so much happier!"" —brandiwilliamsonc ""I was so desperate for love that a random stranger ",health
"WASHINGTON — During their rise last year as major donors to the Republican party, Lev Parnas and Igor Fruman faced their first crisis. The Soviet-born business partners had just made one of the largest contributions to America First Action, a pro-Trump super PAC, but a national news outlet and a watchdog group were now raising troubling questions about the source of the money. With their backchannel campaign in Ukraine about to begin, Parnas and Fruman turned to the former director of Donald Trump's campaign war room to fight the allegations that threatened to derail their rapid ascent within Republican circles. Their ability to quickly hire Belmont Strategies — a public relations firm run by former White House adviser Andy Surabian, an influential Republican operator who has advised both Donald Trump Jr. and Steve Bannon — demonstrates just how deeply connected they were to the upper echelon of the GOP as they challenged accusations that their donation was illegal. They paid $25,000 to the firm last year to mount a defense, after meeting with top Republican lawmakers and pouring money into their campaigns. Their arrests at a Washington-area airport last month on federal campaign violations signaled the end of that rise — one marked by chauffeured rides and charges to an exclusive Republican club in Washington. The partners’ financial activity is now under scrutiny by federal investigators, who have requested reams of records to trace the origins of the money that flowed into their accounts while Parnas and Fruman waged a shadow campaign with Rudy Giuliani to help President Donald Trump. A lawyer for Fruman declined to comment. Parnas’s attorney did not respond to interview requests. Their downfall has left the influential Republicans they courted reckoning with the consequences. A former member of Congress from Texas has been subpoenaed by the grand jury in New York. America First Action, the super PAC that received $325,000 from the men, wants to get rid of the mo",politics
"Siddhant T. is a lawyer who is so concerned about his privacy that he wanted his name changed for this story. And so, when an airline representative at New Delhi’s Indira Gandhi airport suggested he check in with his face for a flight to Bangalore in September, he bristled  —  and then declined. The representative looked confused and called a befuddled supervisor, who repeated what his colleague had said. “I just sort of looked at them in disbelief,” said Siddhant, “and then shuffled off immediately to check in the old-fashioned way.” Later that day, he posted a picture of his boarding pass to his Instagram. “I was just told that I could use my face to print [my] boarding pass,” he wrote. “How the f do [they] have my biometric data? Are they permitted to use it for shit like this?” They are. On Sept. 6, New Delhi’s Indira Gandhi airport became the fourth airport in India to test a facial recognition system to let passengers board by letting a machine scan their faces. The tech is scheduled to roll out at all the major airports in the country in the next few years. The government calls it “Digi Yatra” —  Digital Journey  —  and it is a partnership between India’s federal aviation ministry and private companies. The aim, according to a 2018 government document, is to use biometric data — the curves of passengers’ faces, the tilts of their noses — to create a “digital travel experience.” It isn’t just airports. Hundreds of Indian police stations, malls, and schools already use a patchwork of facial recognition systems powered by tech from dozens of private companies, and major cities have rushed to install hundreds of thousands of closed-circuit cameras on street corners. And in the eyes of critics, each camera is another knot in this tightening mesh over India, in which facial recognition tech, a national biometric ID system, and weak data privacy laws are creating a surveillance state in a country ruled by a populist right-wing government. The government of Prime Min",tech
"On her popular Instagram feed, Jessie Brebner informs her thousands of followers about tools they can use to become — or avoid becoming — pregnant. Last summer, she posted something worrisome: A scientist was raising serious questions about the Daysy, a $330 thermometer that claimed it could identify whether you’re fertile with 99.4% accuracy. Women reacted with shock and concern. And Daysy’s manufacturer, Switzerland-based Valley Electronics, promptly blocked Brebner from its Instagram account. When the influencer later chimed in on the company’s Facebook group, where another person had asked about the evidence for the device, she was kicked out. “I just don’t think it’s fair to market something as 99.4% effective to women if it’s not, because this is literally women’s lives that can be affected by something like that,” Brebner told BuzzFeed News. The study that was the source of the 99.4% figure was retracted Tuesday from the journal Reproductive Health. It was pulled more than a year after Chelsea Polis, a reproductive health researcher, raised concerns about it — and eight months after the journal’s editor told her that the study would be withdrawn. In its retraction notice, the journal’s publisher wrote that “fundamental flaws in the methodology” mean “that the conclusions are unreliable.” The publisher also noted that the study’s authors disagreed with the retraction. Despite hearing criticism for months — and even formally acknowledging that the paper would be retracted — Valley Electronics has continued to tout the device on social media as being 99.4% accurate, although it has removed the statistic from its website. “Travelling with Daysy? No problem!” said a Facebook post on Jan. 23. “Daysy is made to adjust to your unique way of living with 99.4% accuarcy [sic].” Niels van de Roemer, Valley Electronics’ medical director, said earlier this year that the company has “the right to block accounts that use our platforms to make aggressive advertising for thems",science
"It’s night four of the cruise — karaoke night — and everybody’s been picking slow, sad songs. So I decide to wake the place up a little. The second dinner session has just let out, and the Rendezvous Lounge (which is as tacky as it sounds) is overflowing with lesbians. They’re mostly middle-aged or older; they’re wearing brightly colored tourist T-shirts purchased on our excursion earlier today to St. Kitts; they’re cheering for their new friends; they’re here to have a good time. I’m determined to do something showstopping, but our offerings are comically limited. No Sheryl Crow, no Michelle Branch. Not even “Total Eclipse of the Heart.” “These choices are homophobic,” I tell my new friend Dana. She’s technically my press handler, tasked with making sure I see the best that the tour operator, Olivia Travel, has to offer. So far, she’s more than delivered, but the weak karaoke selection — not Dana’s fault! — is a rare low point on a trip that, four days in, has already slowly but surely begun to change my life. I settle for some Kelly Clarkson, and after my screechy but enthusiastic rendition of “Since U Been Gone,” five (!) different women approach me, complimenting my performance. One of them tells me her friend thinks I’m really cute, and could she buy me a drink? I’m loose and light and a little sleepy from my second Corona and a blossoming sunburn. Sure, I say, why not, thinking all the while: If any other 27-year-old lesbians could use a self-esteem boost, all they need to do, clearly, is get themselves on an Olivia cruise. I had only a vague idea of what to expect when I boarded the Celebrity Summit in April for a weeklong excursion to the Caribbean. Olivia, a groundbreaking women’s record label turned lesbian travel company, named for the hero of a Dorothy Bussy novel, has catered specifically to lesbian vacationers since its maiden voyage in 1990. When I reached out to Olivia, the company offered me a press ticket for one of its Celebrity-partnered cruises ",reader
"She had her son with husband Chris Fischer. ^ Yes, that's her C-section scar! On her Instagram a few days ago, Amy Schumer posted a couple photos of herself in hospital undies and a bra with her 5-week-old son, Gene Attell. And, like, those stretchy mesh undies do look damn comfy (especially if you just had a baby). So we totally understand wanting to wear them FOR LIFE! A lot of people — fellow celebs included — appreciated her realness about postpartum life (and also agreed with her stance on the undies). And Amy has actually been hilariously embracing all her bodily changes even before she gave birth, like during her pregnancy photo shoot. But, even though there were some positive comments on the underwear post, the negative ones started filling up the comment section. Guys, there were a lot. So, as a response, Amy posted this: And then this: With this caption: 👏YES👏MA👏MA👏! All we gotta say is YOU EARNED THOSE UNDIES, WEAR 'EM WITH PRIDE!",health
"WASHINGTON — A federal judge struck down a Trump administration rule that would have allowed health workers to refuse to perform or assist with medical procedures like abortion, assisted suicide, or sex reassignment services on Wednesday, saying it violated the Constitution and that President Donald Trump’s Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) made “flatly untrue” claims to justify the rule’s existence. The rule, called a “Conscience Provision,” would have allowed health care providers and workers receiving federal funds to opt out of those procedures if they violated their “conscience” or religion. If a health care organization was found to repeatedly “discriminate” against its workers for their religious or moral opposition to certain procedures, the rule stated, they could lose their federal funding. District Judge Paul Engelmayer for the Southern District Court of New York wrote in his 147-page opinion Wednesday that while the Conscience Provision seeks to “recognize and protect undeniably important rights,” the rule in its current form is “contrary to law,” was implemented “arbitrarily and capriciously” by HHS, was based on claims that were “factually untrue,” conflicts with the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and is unconstitutional. The Conscience Provision was scheduled to go into effect on Nov. 22, after being postponed repeatedly due to several lawsuits. All of these lawsuits challenging the rule — which span “19 States, the District of Columbia, several units of local government, and include a number of associations of health care providers,” the opinion said — were combined to go before Engelmayer in SDNY. Abortion and LGBTQ rights proponents argued that the rule was designed to enable discrimination against transgender patients and people seeking abortions. They said the rule would make it even more difficult for people in vulnerable positions to get the care they need. The Trump administration and other proponents of the rule argued that it prevente",politics
"If you're struggling to make sense of Republican President Donald Trump's obsession with Ukraine, the best place to look is inside the mind of a lawyer working for him, Rudy Giuliani. Deep in those soupy depths, you'll find the closest thing to a cohesive explanation for Trump's almost monomaniacal obsession with the conspiracy theory that Democrats who conspired to frame his campaign for collusion themselves colluded with Ukrainian nationals to delegitimize his 2016 presidential win. Like a number of recent Trumpian narratives, this one too is founded in internet nonsense and defies both fact and Senate Intelligence Committee reports. And now, thanks to congressional testimony from the former special envoy to Ukraine, we can track its beginnings to the former mayor of New York City and the near-constant stream of Spygate fanfiction he’s been spewing online for the last six months. “Spygate,"" for those of you just joining us, is the name for a loose collection of unsubstantiated claims and right-wing social media theories that coalesced around a May 23, 2018, Trump tweet touting ""one of the biggest political scandals in history."" Spygate’s central (false) claim is that the Obama administration embedded a spy in Trump's 2016 presidential campaign for political purposes. Depending on the blog or message board you’re reading, it can include allegations of a “deep state” plot or even a demonic global cabal of left-wing pedophiles. This is the petri dish in which Giuliani has been growing his ongoing investigation. While Giuliani’s fixation on Ukraine dates back to 2017 and he spent the spring of 2018 using Spygate talking points to discredit the former FBI director Robert Mueller’s probe, he didn’t really start his anti-Ukraine social media campaign until March 22 of this year — the day Mueller submitted his report on Russian interference in the 2016 election to Attorney General Bill Barr. Giuliani most likely resurrected it as a tool to disparage Mueller’s resulting re",tech
"NASA will ask Congress for an extra $1.6 billion to begin preparations to land the first woman on the moon by 2024, the space agency said late Monday. President Donald Trump tweeted the call for extra cash for the $21 billion space agency ahead of NASA's announcement. The administration will add the new figures to its earlier request for NASA's 2020 budget. ""This gets us out of the gate with a strong start,"" Jim Bridenstine, administrator of NASA, said in a news briefing on the proposal. ""All of us at NASA should be excited."" The 2024 two-person landing would include the first woman astronaut to walk on the moon, he added, and be called the Artemis missions. NASA last landed astronauts on the moon in 1972's Apollo 17 mission. In Greek mythology, the goddess Artemis was the sister of Apollo; to honor the first women landing on the moon, Bridenstine said, the moon landings would be named after that figure. ""That is a very small down payment for what they are proposing to do,"" space historian Roger Launius, author of Reaching for the Moon: A Short History of the Space Race, told BuzzFeed News. Some news reports suggested that NASA estimates it would need as much as an additional $8 billion a year over the next five years to reach the moon. In response to a question from BuzzFeed News, Bridenstine downplayed that number, saying it was ""well above"" agency cost estimates. Vice President Mike Pence called for the moon landing by 2024 in a March speech in Huntsville, Alabama, home of NASA's jumbo Space Launch System rocket, itself years behind schedule and billions of dollars more expensive than original estimates. The proposal would add money to speed up the first launch of the SLS to 2020. It would also slim down an orbiting ""Gateway"" lab planned for the moon by $321 million, shifting the money to developing a moon lander. As part of the plan, NASA would establish a ""permanent presence"" on the moon by 2028, a habitable base located near the lunar south pole, where water i",science
"JACKSON, Mississippi — It was nearly 4 a.m. and Laurie Bertram Roberts was lying in bed, yelling instructions to her partner and kids in the other room. Half the house was asleep, but the other half was bustling around the dimly lit kitchen, getting ready for a six-or-so-hour road trip from Jackson, Mississippi, through Memphis to Little Rock, Arkansas. Everything seemed to be going wrong. The van they planned to take had just broken down — the wheelchair ramp got jammed and was dragging along the ground, so they had to get a much smaller rental. Arkansas and Mississippi were experiencing historic floods that would no doubt slow down the trip, the driver hadn’t been able to get his license renewed in time, and Sarah Roberts couldn’t find her vape pen. They were running late. This wasn’t just any family road trip. Laurie's family was preparing to pick up a 25-year-old woman from school, bring her to an abortion clinic in Little Rock, stay there in a hotel for the third and fourth appointments she needed for the procedure, and drop her back home. It’s one of dozens of trips the family has made to bring women to and from abortion appointments all over the South over the last six years. They’ve mostly used their own cars or rentals, but they recently acquired what they call the “abobo bus,” a 12-seat van that women can comfortably lie down in. However, they got it cheap, and the bus keeps breaking. “We haven’t been able to do a lot of trips lately because the abobo bus has been broken down,” Sarah, Laurie’s third-to-oldest daughter, said as she threw some last-minute items in a bag. “We did one last week for the same patient, for her first appointment, but it turned out she was 20 weeks pregnant instead of the 18 weeks they told her before. So we have to go back.” The family runs the Mississippi Reproductive Freedom Fund, an abortion fund located in Jackson. The fund provides money, lodging, childcare, and transportation (even across state lines) for women who need help",reader
"Recently, Twitter user @cutecherrybitch prompted people to share their unpopular relationship opinons and there were some wild ones. How do YOU feel about these? Marriage is strictly business. It ain't exclusive until you ask. Single parent priorities. Everyone you dated before adulthood doesn't count! Your partner isn't responsible for your happiness. Interpret it how you will. Love and comfort are easy to confuse. Not posting relationship stuff on social media. Does having more than one partner solve problems or no? God > a partner. Checking each other's texts is bad. It's good to argue. If you can't handle distance, it ain't real. Going to sleep mad isn't so bad. Dating to marry is not good. Not agreeing on politics is worthy of warranting a breakup. Cheating isn't something to be forgiven; it's an automatic relationship-ender.",health
"The man Donald Trump Jr. and other prominent Republicans accused this week of being the whistleblower who sparked the impeachment inquiry has been a right-wing target since 2017 — when he was accused by a pro-Trump media personality of being “pro-Ukraine and anti-Russia” and leaking damaging information about the administration. Trump Jr.’s tweet naming the CIA officer and former National Security Council staffer came days after a Trump rally in Kentucky on Monday, where Republican Sen. Rand Paul called on Republicans in Capitol Hill to subpoena former vice president Joe Biden and his son Hunter, as well as the whistleblower. Paul — who did not say the name — demanded the media print the purported whistleblower’s name. Florida Republican Rep. Matt Gaetz has also recently tweeted the name. Asked by BuzzFeed News on Tuesday how he knew the whistleblower’s name, Paul pointed to an Oct. 30 report on Real Clear Investigations, written by the conservative writer Paul Sperry. “The person that [Real Clear Investigations] named, that person was in the White House under Obama, did work for Joe Biden, and was there at the time Hunter Biden was being paid $50,000 per month by a Ukrainian oligarch. There are material questions regardless of his involvement as a whistleblower,"" said Paul. The whistleblower’s lawyers said in a statement that “identifying any suspected name for the whistleblower will place that individual and their family at risk of serious harm. We will not confirm or deny any name that is published or promoted by supporters of the president.” “We will note, however, that publication or promotion of a name shows the desperation to deflect from the substance of the whistleblower complaint. It will not relieve the President of the need to address the substantive allegations, all of which have been substantially proven to be true,” added the whistleblower’s lawyers. In the story, Real Clear Investigations named a 33-year-old former National Security Council staffer a",politics
"Blippi, a wildly popular YouTube star for the preschool set, announced on Tuesday a live tour throughout the US. But Stevin John, the man who created Blippi and plays him in videos that routinely get over 20 million views, won't be there. Instead, an actor will be playing the “character” of Blippi, an adult man in tight jeans and orange bowtie who delights in learning about fire trucks and tractors. And the only way you'd know that is if you bothered to read the fine print on the Blippi Live website. Parents are pissed. “I’m livid,” said Dana Oliver, who spent about $400 on three 6th row tickets plus two meet and greet tickets to take her kid to see the Toronto show. “I’m trying to get a refund.” Blippi has achieved tremendous success on YouTube with live-action videos in which he explores playgrounds, children’s museums, farms, zoos, and various pieces of heavy machinery. For parents who know that YouTube is a sea of garbage and horrors for young kids, Blippi is a welcome island of wholesome entertainment. You can put on a Blippi video for your kid and not worry that they might be gored or abused. Blippi may not be as educational as Sesame Street, but he’s safe. John, the man behind the orange hat and glasses of Blippi, has parlayed this success into an empire. Ad revenue from YouTube varies widely, but an estimate from analytics firm Social Blade suggests he could easily be raking in between $100,000 and $1.6 million per month in YouTube ads alone. John has his own production facility in Las Vegas with employees who shoot, edit, and animate his videos. There’s also a line of Blippi merchandise sold on his site and Amazon — Blippi costumes, shirts, dolls, even a line of sneakers in his signature blue and orange. The live tour was announced Tuesday on the official Blippi Facebook page. The post did not mention that Blippi would be played by someone else. ""I won't be on the road, but I am obviously extremely involved with the whole process,"" John told Billboard about",tech
"WASHINGTON — Amazon founder and space entrepreneur Jeff Bezos unveiled Thursday a mock-up of a lunar lander from his Blue Origin rocket company. Bezos, the world's richest person, who's worth an estimated $107 billion, also proclaimed his aspiration for humanity within generations to live in vast, glass-walled space colonies. ""We can have a trillion humans in the solar system, which means we would have 1,000 Mozarts and 1,000 Einsteins,"" said Bezos at his presentation in Washington, DC. The glitzy event featured a rock music intro, purple lighting, and a swinging camera on a crane for audience close-ups. ""This would be an incredible civilization,"" said Bezos of his space colonies. Bezos has invested billions into his private space company, Blue Origin, which plans to launch the first crewed flight of its suborbital ""New Shepard"" rocket later this year, and a very large (270 feet tall) ""New Glenn"" rocket in 2021. His moon lander, measuring more than 21 feet wide, would comfortably fit inside that large rocket, he noted. And it could serve as a lander for NASA's work-in-progress plan to land astronauts on the moon by 2024, a March directive made by Vice President Mike Pence. Fellow space entrepreneur billionaire Elon Musk of SpaceX, however, immediately took a shot at Bezos with a photo-altered tweet. The two space billionaires have previously jousted over whose rocket is bigger. In his presentation, Bezos also took a few potshots at Musk's own space aspirations. Musk has famously said he wants to ""die on Mars,"" but Bezos called that planet too far away for colonization. Bezos also decried ""fake"" reusable rockets that need lengthy refurbishment before their next launch, a complaint aimed at Musk's Falcon 9 rockets. So Musk was in a sense just responding to those jabs with his crude tweet. Beyond Musk, other observers criticized Bezos's space aspirations, starting with his priorities. One expert on water resources took issue with his vision of the future, premised on e",science
"As children, we hold on to objects that soothe and comfort us. The proverbial security blanket can take the form of a doll we tuck underneath our arm or a tiny train we clutch in our small palms. For my sons, it’s a pair of teddy bears. For me, that object was an actual blanket, a gift given to me by the elders in my family, including my grandfather, in the days that followed my birth. Nearly 40 years later, it is one of the only objects I have that connect me to both my father and my grandfather, a man who loved me but whom we left behind when my parents and I immigrated to the United States. And while I may be an adult now, I still seek the comfort it offers, its connection to my past, and to the fathers who loved me. The blanket, or colcha, is an oversized alpaca blanket the color of earth and sunset, each side decorated with four identical bouquets on every corner. It was purchased at a market in Lima, Peru, an object that my mother thought was simply too well-made and too generous a gift for an infant. But my grandfather Sixto insisted that it was meant for me and meant to be de por vida. I was, after all, his and Luzmila’s first grandchild. They had had children later in life and never thought they’d live long enough to become grandparents. They were staples in their neighborhood in Bellavista, Callao, a city in the northern part of Lima. My grandfather, in particular, was a man whom everyone knew and loved: The neighborhood polymath, he could carpenter a dining room table in a matter of weeks, needed only a few days to make a pair of shoes for a Communion, and read palms over dinner. He was proud of his two sons, men who eventually went to college, though neither ever finished. The fact that they attended at all was enough of an accomplishment. At the time of my birth, my father worked in the accounting department of a bottling company; my mother was a nurse technician. They lived with my grandparents, and long before I actually came into the world, my grandf",reader
"(I can confirm no one actually peed themselves...today.) *I REALLY, REALLY HOPE PEOPLE AREN'T POOPING IN THEM.* If you're wondering what sort of topics come up during conversations at BuzzFeed, a lot of times it's random things, like peeing yourself — which is what came up today. And that lead to a conversation about adults wearing diapers so they can relieve themselves without losing their spot on New Year's Eve in Times Square. (I know, it's a random thing to come up in June.) But, alas, it's a thing and I did not know this. It's a LEGIT thing that has been going on for years apparently. And would you believe it's the first thing recommended for attending Times Square during NYE by Trip Advisor? I KNOW. Urine-soaked baby diapers are awful when they aren't changed, so I can only image what standing in a sea of unchanged ADULT diapers smells like. Apparently, it's so crowded that — on top of having to get there at the crack of dawn — if people move to use the restroom, they lose their spot. Oh, and on top of that, there aren't very many restrooms even available or nearby. And once you are there, you likely aren't going anywhere. Which leaves people with minimal options when it comes to using the restroom. You heard the people! DRINK NOTHING. WEAR DEPENDS. Me, this NYE, watching the ball drop on TV thinking about everyone's dirty diapers:",health
"Sen. Sherrod Brown told BuzzFeed News’ AM to DM that he doesn’t believe he should reach a decision on whether President Donald Trump should be removed from office until after the impeachment proceedings reach the Senate. “I don’t think I should,” Brown, an Ohio Democrat, said of making an early decision on removal. “I have spoken out against Trump since the campaign in ’16, and I’ve called him a racist, and a misogynist, and a liar, and all the things he is.” Brown added that he thinks the House should vote to impeach the president — but that once the process reaches the Senate, it would enter a similar setting to a court of law and that senators should approach the trial as members of the jury. “I have very strong feelings about this president, but he has the right to defend himself in this court of law, and I hope that every Republican and Democrat goes into this with an open mind,” Brown said. He added, “Once you’re in this court of law, the Senate making this decision on removal of the president from office, something the Senate has never done, you don’t listen to public opinion. You don’t get swayed by social media, or letters, or calls, or conversations, or by your spouse. You listen to the evidence and make a decision if we do that. I just hope my Republican colleagues are willing to be that open-minded. Just listen to — actually listen — to the evidence and make the decision on that, not on their politics.” Over the course of the impeachment proceedings so far, Trump's supporters have called on Republican senators to stop the process. They have singled out Sen. Lindsey Graham to issue subpoenas for witnesses who have been interviewed by House and to be more fierce in his defense of the president. Brown later told BuzzFeed News reporters that he does see a path for Republican senators to vote for Trump’s removal during an impeachment trial since details of testimonies have emerged from the House’s impeachment proceedings. “Every time one of those breaks, it m",politics
"“Amazon’s Choice” is a label designed to convince customers to buy what Amazon says are “highly-rated, well-priced products.” Products with the designation see a threefold increase in sales, according to a 2018 study. But many Amazon’s Choice products sold by third-party sellers are not what they seem. Some listings have inflated ratings and feature glowing reviews written by customers who were promised gift cards or free products by sellers in exchange for five-star ratings. Sean, a longtime Amazon Prime member who asked to be identified by his first name only, recently bought a $19 waterproof case on Amazon for his new Samsung Galaxy phone. The case had over 100 positive reviews by verified purchasers, and an Amazon’s Choice designation, which, Sean said, is what led him purchase to it. The product turned out to be terrible. The buttons were difficult to press, and the built-in screen protector was so reflective that it rendered the phone unusable in daylight. He immediately knew why the crappy case had such great reviews. Tucked into the product’s packaging were instructions on how to redeem a $19 gift card (it does not specify the type of gift card). Proof of a five-star review of the case was required. “It’s really telling that the offer was for the entire amount of the item,” Sean told BuzzFeed News. The case's seller did not return BuzzFeed News’ request for comment. He plans on returning the product and hopes Amazon will more closely scrutinize its recommendations for items sold by third-party sellers: “Amazon is not checking up on Amazon’s Choice nearly enough. [This case] is not a quirky, out-of-the-way item. It’s a primary accessory for one of the most popular phones on the market.” In a statement, an Amazon spokesperson told BuzzFeed News that incentivized reviews are against the site's policy, and that sellers who violate its rules are suspended or banned, adding, “When a product we identify as Amazon’s Choice does not continue to meet our high bar, we ",tech
"""We interviewed more than 3,000 gay and bisexual men at the Melbourne Sexual Health Centre and found that kissing is associated with throat gonorrhoea,"" Melbourne epidemiologist and co-author of the study Eric Chow told BuzzFeed News. Published today in Sexually Transmitted Infections, an official journal of the British Association of Sexual Health and HIV, the study shows the first empiric evidence that gonorrhoea may be transmitted from one man’s throat to another man’s throat through tongue-kissing. Previously, it had generally been assumed that oropharyngeal gonorrhoea could only be acquired from an infected penis or anus, not from another man’s oropharynx (the part of the throat at the back of the mouth behind the oral cavity). Chow said the results suggest kissing with or without sex may be a risk factor for the infection, but that it has to be significantly more than a peck on the cheek. ""There needs to be enough time to have saliva exchange between the individuals,"" he said. ""Like a French kiss."" Strains of gonorrhoea that are resistant to antibiotics are becoming more common in many countries, sparking concerns the infection will become increasingly difficult to treat. ""We are running out of antibiotics to treat it,"" Chow said. ""There are cases of antibiotic resistant gonorrhoea not only in Australia but globally it is emerging as a public health issue as it could become untreatable."" Gonorrhoea can infect the throat, anus, urethra, cervix and eyes. It can be diagnosed via a urine sample or swab from the infected area and is treated with antibiotics. While public health campaigns to curb the spread of throat gonorrhoea among gay and bisexual men have focused on promoting condom use, Chow said the study might open up other preventive options such as antibacterial mouthwash. ""If you can get [throat] gonorrhoea from kissing without having sex it means even if you use a condom you might not be protected against it,"" he said. ""We are doing a clinical trial in Me",science
"A tweet about influencers flocking to Chernobyl to take selfies made the rounds the other day, quickly racking up thousands of retweets and at least as much eyerolling. It didn't seem to matter that only one of the screengrabbed accounts actually had a legit influencer-worthy following, and that two seemed to belong to everyday tourists from different parts of Eastern Europe. The fourth photo was such a doozy that it cast a disreputable pall over the others — even though a quick look over the rest of the account, which belongs to a woman who writes in Russian, suggests it was a calculated grab for internet notoriety. She appears in two shots, in lingerie and sheer coveralls that look a little like a hazmat suit — a radioactive thirst trap so hilariously tasteless it deserves a round of applause. Hers is the only one of these photos that hasn't been deleted following the deluge of ""kids these days"" scorn the viral tweet prompted. Everyone cares a lot about the 1986 Soviet nuclear disaster at the moment, thanks to HBO's miniseries Chernobyl, which ended June 3. Over the course of its five installments, the ratings for the US/UK coproduction kept ticking upward until it qualified as an unexpected phenom, generating attention for the way it vaulted to the top of the TV ratings chart on IMDb (the same site that firmly declares The Shawshank Redemption the greatest movie of all time). Visits to the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone have reportedly surged since the series began, which is probably what prompted Chernobyl creator Craig Mazin, upon seeing the photos, to urge the show's fans to behave. ""If you visit, please remember that a terrible tragedy occurred there,"" he tweeted. ""Comport yourselves with respect for all who suffered and sacrificed."" It was the kind of well-intentioned statement that feels weirder the more you consider it. Mazin is American, after all — a screenwriter whose past work includes the second and third Hangovers, the third and fourth Scary Movies, and th",reader
"A viral tweet that purports to list natural ingredients for birth control isn’t based on science and could be dangerous, an expert told BuzzFeed News. “There’s no science or medicine to it at all,” Nathaniel DeNicola, a board-certified OB-GYN and assistant professor at George Washington University, said. “It’s hardly even worth diving into it because it’s so unsupported by science, but some of them are actually worth looking at because they can be dangerous.” Here’s a closer look at the supposed remedies. The tweet itself has more than 14,000 likes. Although some of the treatments may have a history in traditional medicine, none of them should be tried. And many of the plants listed can be very dangerous and toxic. For example, pennyroyal is used in pesticides, DeNicola said. “Some of these things shouldn’t be consumed at all,” he added. If people are excited at the idea of natural birth control, it may be due to a growing wariness of other options. The number of women using hormonal birth control methods has been dropping. Part of that is due to a desire to avoid side effects, but there are also a lot of nonhormonal options out there. DeNicola said they include Paragard, a nonhormonal intrauterine device, or even just condoms. There’s also the fertility awareness method, also known as the rhythm method, although DeNicola cautioned that carries a higher risk of conceiving. Although the tweet has gone viral, DeNicola said he was heartened to see how many people were calling out the bad information in its replies. “Among the first 50 or so, virtually all of them are coming to the correct answer,” he said. If you want to discuss birth control options, or you have menstrual issues, or you need help with anything to do with your reproductive system, the best thing is to go to a professional, DeNicola said. “The doctors are there for you,” he said. “We’re always available for this kind of counseling.”",health
"WASHINGTON — Rep. Ayanna Pressley is endorsing Sen. Elizabeth Warren for president, breaking with the other members of “the Squad” who backed Sen. Bernie Sanders’ campaign last month. Pressley announced her support for her fellow Massachusetts Democrat in a video released Wednesday. The endorsement ended months of speculation about Pressley’s plans, and places one of the rising stars of the Democratic Party in Warren’s camp at a critical stretch. Several other candidates, including Sanders and Pete Buttigieg, are fighting for undecided black voters in an effort to close the gap with former vice president Joe Biden. As if to nod to Biden’s prolific use of the phrase, Pressley delivered a familiar line in the video: “This election is a fight for the very soul of our nation.” Last month, three of Pressley’s closest allies in the House of Representatives — Reps. Ilhan Omar, Rashida Tlaib, and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez — each publicly endorsed Sanders for president. But Pressley noticeably stayed on the sidelines; her office at the time said that the first-term member of Congress had “tremendous respect for her sisters-in-service” but would make her own decision. That decision is now official. “I’m proud to call her my senator,"" said Pressley. ""I can’t wait to call her our president.” Pressley’s first official appearance on the campaign trail is scheduled for Thursday in Raleigh, North Carolina, where Warren will conduct a town hall meeting. “You've all heard about the senator’s plans, but here's the thing: The plans are about power — who has it, who refuses to let it go, and who deserves more of it. For Elizabeth and for me, power belongs in the hands of the people,"" Pressley said in the video. ""That's why she's fighting for fundamental change that restores power to those who've been left behind, and centers those who've never had access to it in the first place.” Pressley's endorsement had been one of the most coveted in the presidential race, in part because she has st",politics
"Over more than a decade, Google and foundations run by its leaders have given hundreds of millions of dollars to journalists and news organizations around the world, sponsoring drones in Nigeria and Kenya, and local news in the US. But according to a new report, these grants tend to be made in places where the company faces pressure from politicians, the public, and the press, raising questions about whether the tech giant is committed to social good or buying itself goodwill. The report, written by researchers at the Campaign for Accountability’s Google Transparency Project, shows a spike in funding in Europe when Google was under pressure in the mid- to late-2010s, and a subsequent uptick in the US amid a backlash that’s led to a Department of Justice investigation and calls for its breakup. The advocacy organization counts Oracle, a Google competitor, and other sources it declined to name among its funders. “Google often boasts about its support for journalism, disclosing plans to spend over half a billion dollars on media initiatives since 2013. But Google isn’t always transparent about its spending, making it difficult to assess what the company is giving — and what it may be getting in return,” the report said. A Google spokesperson did not dispute the overall trend, although they denied a relationship between the increases in spending and any backlashes. The spokesperson did tell BuzzFeed News that it was ironic for the Google Transparency Project, an opaque organization about its funding, to call for Google to be more transparent. “Who apart from our rival Oracle is funding these misleading attacks?” said the spokesperson. ""Like much of the work this group has done in the past, this report is based on partial information and flawed methodology. Our criteria for awarding grants or funding is based on the merits of any project and the impact it will have on the news industry and ecosystem — not on politics. Over the years, we’ve funded hundreds of organization",tech
"Jay Inslee on Friday released the first piece of his presidential campaign’s climate strategy, calling for dramatically cutting the climate pollution from buildings, electricity, and vehicles, as well as ending US coal, all by 2030. When the Washington governor launched his presidential bid in March, he pitched himself as the “only candidate who will make defeating climate change our nation’s number one priority.” Several Democratic presidential contenders have since said they would prioritize climate action on their first day in the White House. Former Texas Rep. Beto O’Rourke made this claim this week when he released his own detailed climate policy. Inslee is looking to regain the climate-candidate mantle with his new climate proposal. “It won’t just be something I do on the first day; it will be something I’m committed to every day,” Inslee told BuzzFeed News. “There may be candidates who have in the last few days recognized that climate change is a real problem, and I think that is great,” Inslee said, but “this is something I’ve been committed to most of my professional life.” In seemingly a first for the 21-person Democratic field, Insee has proposed retiring all US coal plants by 2030. “It is clear we need to end our dependence on coal-based electricity. That is a scientific certainty,” Inslee said. He said his plan would include provisions to help move coal workers to other work, saying, “We have to be exquisitely embracing of them as we go through this transition.” Washington state has offered a template for how to do this, according to Inslee, creating a $55 million fund for the community surrounding the state’s last coal plant, Centralia Big Hanaford power plant, which is set to retire in 2025. Meanwhile, Donald Trump in 2016 campaigned on saving the coal industry. As president, his administration has loosened coal regulations and claimed to have ended the so-called war on coal. But even these efforts have not stopped the shuttering of coal plants nation",science
"My first encounter with HIV was a copy of the book And the Band Played On. My dad handed it to me, wordlessly, one day in our suburban kitchen. I was still in high school, and we hadn’t talked about the spectrum of my gayness just yet, or at least not in words, although it sat on every dinner plate and dollhouse and stray tile and stair; the subject of queerness in general had only come up sparingly, usually in whispers about neighbors, or unmarried family friends, or the cousins no one had heard from in a minute. And then there was also this neighborhood across the city, mentioned cryptically in my house, and only ever as the punchline of a joke out in the world: this place called Montrose. Houston’s eponymous gayborhood. If what I’d heard was any indicator, this place was the actual pit of sin, where Mephistopheles himself lived in a garage apartment with two Yorkies, a fuck buddy, and a painted porch. It was a few more years before I made it there myself. I’d left my parents’ place by then. Didn’t have to sneak around anymore. Queer life in Houston had been otherwise inaccessible for me, raucous and sloppy but highly compartmentalized; if you didn’t know what to look for, you’d simply never find it. And I didn’t know what to look for, but I’d met a guy who did. So one night, in the fall of 2011, we caught a ride to a club on Fairview. The first thing I noticed was that everything hummed. The music from the clubs hummed. The crowds on the concrete hummed. People smoked on the streets, cis women and cis men and trans women and trans men, laughing or brooding or just lurking beside the bars. For the first time in my years in Texas, I could wonder if they were queer with the knowledge that I just might be correct. But too many nerves were exploding across my stomach. I didn’t step into the club we’d driven down for, or any club at all. I smoked an entire pack of cigarettes on the curb, until my guy asked if I minded if he left, just for a little while, and I told him",reader
"In case you're not familiar, burnout is basically severe stress and high ideals related to work/your job resulting in feeling exhausted, listless, and unable to cope. In case you didn't know, there are actually thousands of Skills on Alexa and many of them can help guide you through at-home workouts, healthy eatings tips, and even meditation. ""Start the day with meditation, and if you've never mediated before, just breathe for 10 minutes. Just breathing and connecting with your breathe for 10 minutes — if that's too long, do 5 minutes. Take that time."" ""Hydration is so important, even when it's cold outside. A lot of times we have toxins accumulating and it actually causes even more stress. Heavy metals are in our system, so drinking water hydrates and flushes everything out."" ""Yoga, dance, or kick-boxing, whatever it is — move your body in the morning. Because in the morning you'll release those happy endorphins so you're feeling good throughout the rest of the day. It'll also increase your blood flow and help reduce anxiety."" ""Açai bowls, a smoothie, anything light. It's OK to have pancakes and waffles, and sausage and bacon, but not every single day."" ""Put it in a smoothie, a salad, have a bowl. A lot of us are missing this because we're always on-the-go. Those have all the antioxidants and vital nutrients that we need to feel good and feel vibrant."" ""If you're sitting at a desk you can circle the shoulders a couple times and move your head side to side."" ""Some people work through their lunch break. No, take that time for you. Go out and get in nature. Even if you're in a city, go outside, look up at the sky. If you have a skyline office, look out at the city. Just take a moment to disconnect from your phone, disconnect your computer. Take care of you first and you will always have enough energy to take care of others. The work is gonna be there no matter what."" ""This is great to get you out of a mid-day slump. Whoever your favorite musician is, just put it on an",health
"OKATIE, South Carolina — Wherever Valerie Biden Owens goes, as she tries one last time to make Joe Biden president, a local Democrat reads dutifully from her bio. So impressed was Biden Owens’ host at an event last month in Allendale, South Carolina, she read word for word it as it appears online — taking nearly five minutes and sparing no detail. (“Valerie’s weekly seminar, ‘Politics, Up Close and Personal,’ was the most highly attended seminar for the Fall 2014 semester.”) “Ladies and gentlemen,” she finally concluded, “this is a very accomplished lady who is here today. She could be running for president herself with all of that.” In these moments Biden Owens, 74, alternates between masking her delight and playing along. “Are you still awake?” she humblebragged in Allendale, one of several places she visited on her brother’s behalf in the important early primary state. “One helluva woman!” she agreed the next morning in Beaufort, slapping her knee for effect. The first two times Joe Biden ran for president, his younger sister served as “campaign chair,” with an in-name-only campaign manager working under her. In 1987, when one adviser came in to run everyday operations, Biden Owens “was still numero uno,” longtime Biden aide Ted Kaufman recalled years later. When another guy took the job in 2007, one newspaper reported, “the senator told him that his sister's judgment, if it were to come into conflict, ‘would matter more.’” The family — the Bidens — always ran Joe’s campaigns, from the fundraising to the organizing. If you listen to the candidate or talk to the people around the family or read the stories about them over his many decades in politics, you’ll learn about pivotal meetings at the Biden family home, and the decisions his brothers, his sons, and his sister helped him make. But there’s been no one more essential to Joe’s career than Val. Friends talk about how they complete each other’s sentences, how she helps find his voice. His tragedies — the car cr",politics
"Players are boycotting games like World of Warcraft, Overwatch, and Hearthstone after a user was punished for supporting pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong during a tournament. All those games are made by Blizzard, more formally known as Activision Blizzard. It all started on Oct. 6 in Taiwan during the Asia-Pacific Hearthstone Grandmasters, a tournament for the card-based game. Two casters were conducting a post-match interview with Chung Ng Wai, known by his screen name Blitzchung. “Liberate Hong Kong, revolution of our time,” Chung said during the interview, while also wearing goggles and a face mask. Chung is based in Hong Kong, and the phrase he spoke has become a rallying slogan for pro-democracy protesters. On Tuesday, Blizzard announced that Chung's prize money had been rescinded and that he was suspended from competitive play for a year. The two casters interviewing him were also fired. According to Blizzard, Chung violated 2019 Hearthstone Grandmasters Official Competition Rules section 6.1, which forbids any act that ""brings you into public disrepute, offends a portion or group of the public, or otherwise damages Blizzard image."" ""Grandmasters is the highest tier of Hearthstone Esports and we take tournament rule violations very seriously,"" said a statement from Blizzard. ""After an investigation, we are taking the necessary actions to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future."" Blizzard also took down video of the interview, but it's still being shared on social media. Chung told esports website Inven Global that he knew his comments could get him in trouble, but he felt it was his duty to say something. ""As you know there are serious protests in my country now. My call on stream was just another form of participation of the protest that I wish to grab more attention,"" he told Inven Global. Now, people who play Blizzard games have started a boycott movement over what's being called a cowardly act of censorship in favor of the Chinese governm",tech
"House Democrats, in a show of unity on climate change, overwhelmingly voted through a bill on Thursday directing President Donald Trump to help the US meet the goals of the Paris climate agreement. “This is the first time in 10 years that major climate legislation is being heard in the people’s House,” Rep. Kathy Castor, a Democrat from Florida, said Wednesday. “This is a patriotic vote.” Castor is chair of the Select Committee on Climate Crisis, and the lead sponsor of the bill. The bill, called the Climate Action Now Act, is not expected to pass the Republican-controlled Senate and would not get Trump’s signature even if it did. Nonetheless, Democrats are claiming victory with the bill’s passage in the House, delivering a symbolic rebuke of Trump's June 2017 pledge to withdraw the US from the global deal. The vote was 231-190, with three Republicans joining Democrats to support the bill. “Today we sent a message to the President, to the American people and to the world that we recognize the seriousness of the climate crisis and that we intend to do our part to address it,"" Rep. Frank Pallone Jr., a Democrat from New Jersey and chair of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, said in a statement. This bill follows the Green New Deal resolution proposed in February by Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a Democrat from New York, as well as many congressional hearings on climate impacts, policies, and solutions since then. Multiple polls in recent months, including one released by CNN this week, suggest that climate change is one of the top priorities for Democratic voters. And Democratic presidential hopefuls seemed to have noticed: Washington Gov. Jay Inslee announced his bid as the climate candidate, and former Texas Rep. Beto O’Rourke released his first major policy platform on the topic just this week. Environmental groups, meanwhile, have encouraged this trend by helping pro-climate presidential hopefuls fundraise. The bill, which has more than 200 co-sponsors, would ",science
"This week the New York Times ran a Sunday opinion piece by the novelist Jessica Knoll called “Smash the Wellness Industry.” Knoll argues that our new cultural obsession with “wellness” is just dieting in disguise — “and the diet industry is a function of the patriarchal beauty standard under which women either punish themselves to become smaller or are punished for failing to comply.” To anyone who’s even remotely followed the past few years’ worth of conversations around body positivity and fat acceptance, Knoll’s observations — accurate as they are — aren’t exactly breaking new ground. And yet the piece blew up, climbing into mega-viral territory; it’s been shared over 200,000 times on Facebook, where commenters fiercely debated whether or not Knoll was promoting obesity and, therefore, an “unhealthy lifestyle.” Despite recent gains in the body-positivity movement — from the more radical fat-acceptance push of the 1960s to the commercialized and commodified “empowerment” narrative it’s since morphed into — many readers were still scandalized by the idea that the food with which we nourish ourselves should have no moral value, and that there is no wrong way to have a body. Americans, clearly, still have lots of deeply fucked-up ideas about other people’s sizes, as well as their own. Even so, I was surprised to see how many women on my timelines had such a strong, visceral reaction to Knoll’s parting words: “In 2019, I want to propose a new kind of test. Women, can two or more of us get together without mentioning our bodies and diets? It would be a small act of resistance and a kindness to ourselves.” I felt the same way as writer Amanda Mull, who has herself reported out excellent analyses of the dangerous rise in “wellness” culture, and who tweeted she had mixed feelings about the Times op-ed: “This assumption couldn’t be further from my experience of female friendship ... I spend so so much social time with women of a whole range of body sizes in their 20s and 3",reader
"The sixth National Survey of Secondary Students and Sexual Health conducted by La Trobe University last year asked 6,327 teenagers from government, Catholic and independent schools from each state and territory about their sexual behaviour and knowledge of sexually transmitted infections. The results, released today, found overall 47% of students surveyed had had (vaginal and/or anal) intercourse — as had 34% of Year 10s, 46% of Year 11s and 56% of Year 12s. Researchers said students reported ""responsible"" sexual behaviours — 81% discussed having sex and 77% discussed their sexual health before intercourse. More than half (56%) used condoms and/or the oral contraceptive pill (41%). This might be because the number of students accessing information about sexual health online (79%) had almost doubled from 2013 (44%). The most trusted source of sexual health information for teenagers was GPs (89%), followed by their mother (60%). But most (87%) did not believe they were likely to get an STI, which is a statistic that has remained largely unchanged since 1992, researchers said. Overall, one-third (33%) of students reported “sexting” in the last two months, mostly with a girlfriend, boyfriend or friend. More than half (55%) had done so only once or a few times in the last two months. About half (50.7%) had received a sexually explicit written text message and 40% reported sending similar messages. About one third (30.3%) had used social media sites for sexual reasons and very few had sent sexually explicit materials of someone else (5.8%). Most (89%) of the students who weren't yet sexually active said they didn't regret their decision not to have sex. ",health
"WASHINGTON — Republican Sen. Rand Paul surprised even Republicans on Tuesday by calling for Congress to subpoena the Trump whistleblower over unsupported allegations that the individual was involved in corrupt Ukrainian business dealings. The president’s most ardent supporters in Congress have long insisted the real corruption in Ukraine was done by former vice president Joe Biden and his family rather than by President Donald Trump. Many have also called for outing the anonymous intelligence official who filed a whistleblower complaint alleging Trump demanded a political quid pro quo from the Ukrainian government — an investigation into the Biden family in exchange for hundreds of millions of dollars in military aid. But, until now, they had not brought those two lines of attack together. Paul did not present evidence that the whistleblower was involved in shady overseas dealings, and his theory builds on a report from a conservative media site that identifies someone they believe could be the whistleblower. BuzzFeed News is not publishing that name and does not know the identity of the whistleblower. The New York Times reported that the whistleblower is a CIA officer previously detailed to the White House with expertise on Ukraine. Paul said in an interview Tuesday that the whistleblower “is a material witness to the possible corruption of Hunter Biden and Joe Biden.” He said Congress should investigate the whistleblower’s ties to the Biden family and Burisma Holdings, the Cyprus-registered gas company that paid Hunter Biden $50,000 per month when he was on its board of directors. “[The whistleblower] might have traveled with Joe Biden to Ukraine for all we know. We should look at his writings. We should know all of this stuff to see whether or not he has any intersection with Burisma and with Hunter Biden,” said Paul. Asked if he had evidence for any of these suppositions, Paul said, “We don’t know unless we ask.” There is no known evidence that the whistleblower",politics
"""There definitely is oversharing, especially when safety can be a factor when there's so many eyes on you,"" she said. ""I learned firsthand that if you share too much, it can be a little bit dangerous at times."" ""There is a way to have both and to share, but not feel like your whole life is being used just for social media,"" she said. ""You do have to have balance."" When you see the name Kim Kardashian, does the word ""private"" come to mind? Most likely not, considering the reality TV star has built an empire on sharing her life with the world. But a new era is upon us, because Kim says that she's now over ""oversharing"" and instead prefers to lead a much more ""private"" life on social media. Apparently this change started for Kim with her children, which she talked about while serving as a keynote speaker at the 23rd World Congress on Information Technology convention. ""I think at the beginning, I didn't know what the word 'privacy' really meant. I was very okay with people knowing every detail of my life,"" she told the audience. ""As you get older and you have kids, and you realize you do want to value some privacy, I figured out a really good balance of sharing what I want to share,"" she explained. Kim also talked about the physical danger of oversharing, as a celebrity. ""I move really cautiously now that I have kids, but I still love to be open and honest and that's who I am... that's my brand,"" she added. She's still trying to figure out how to be both accessible to her fans and protective of her family, though.",tech
"A trio of dominant environmental political groups are joining forces to form a fundraising power base for the eventual Democratic nominee and to boost candidates who embrace bold climate action during the primary. LCV Victory Fund, NRDC Action Fund PAC, and NextGen America are expanding their GiveGreen fundraising platform on Tuesday, launching the Beat Trump Presidential Climate Unity Fund to raise money for President Donald Trump’s yet-to-be-decided opponent in 2020. “Given that President Trump is the most anti-environmental president we’ve ever had by far, we are absolutely committed to ensuring that [the] eventual nominee on the Democratic side, that she or he has the resources to win, to beat Trump, and to move forward on the climate action we desperately need,” Tiernan Sittenfeld, senior vice president for government affairs at the League of Conservation Voters, told BuzzFeed News. Donors will also be able to give to individual nominees who have committed to tackling climate change as soon as they get in office. At least nine Democratic candidates have already met the qualifications: Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee; former Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper; former Texas Rep. Beto O’Rourke; South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg; and Sens. Cory Booker of New Jersey, Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, Kamala Harris of California, Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, and Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Others will be added on a rolling basis. By offering this panoply of fundraising options for pro-climate candidates, environmental groups are looking to ensure that climate change is a key issue in both the Democratic primary and the general election. And the high early participation among nominees suggests a common interest in competing for the climate vote. To get on the platform at this early stage in the race, nominees had to fill out an eight-question climate survey. The initial batch of nominees all agreed to make the climate emergency a top priority on day one as president",science
"There’s a moment in Joe Talbot’s new movie The Last Black Man in San Francisco that lingers. A group of black men, all heavily inked tough guys, are gathered outside a house. The movie’s main character Jimmie (Jimmie Fails), a restless, itinerant twentysomething, approaches this group with his best friend, Montgomery, or “Mont” (Jonathan Majors), in tow. The group, which habitually mocks Jimmie and Mont for their intimate friendship, seems especially tense today. There’s a current of unease as one character explains to Jimmie that someone close to all of them has died. Words are exchanged and Jimmie barks angrily, “This was your fault! He was my fucking friend too!” The tension mounts as the others ask how the bearer of this bad news is going to respond to Jimmie’s charge. He approaches Jimmie, their chins almost touching. It’s quiet. Then his head falls on Jimmie’s chest and he bursts into tears. Jimmie seems shocked for a moment, then puts his arms around him. It’s a disarmingly tender moment, one that caused the audience at the screening I attended to exhale audibly. In the Q&A that followed the screening, moderator Darnell Moore mentioned that it still feels rare to see such portrayals of black masculinity, of black male friendship as something tender and sweet, angry but also vulnerable. Other cast members, scene-stealers Tichina Arnold and Rob Morgan, agreed. I thought again of that moment after watching “Striking Vipers,” the most memorable installment of the otherwise lackluster fifth season of Netflix’s Black Mirror. The episode stars Anthony Mackie and Yahya Abdul-Mateen II as two old friends whose shared love of video games takes a carnal turn through virtual reality. And while the screenplay wasn’t necessarily written for two black men, the show’s casting turns it into an interesting, flawed exploration of black male intimacy. Mackie plays Danny, a brooding and vaguely unsatisfied office worker living the suburban dream with a nice house, a son, and lovi",reader
"This one about an inspiring message: This one about a lack of trust: This one about attention-seeking: This one about how pretty they can be on their own: This one about a lack of ~action~: This one about periods: This one about design flaws: This one about an ~alternative~ Plan B (or C?): This one about underwhelming reality: This one about trying to make OB-GYN visits more entertaining: This one about 100% not caring: This one about catchy phrases: This one about a vagina analogy: This one about a goofy nickname: And this one, too: And ALSO this one: And finally, this one about being mortally offended:",health
"WASHINGTON — In December 2018, the Justice Department’s inspector general dropped a bombshell: Investigators had “substantiated” allegations that a senior DOJ official was a repeat sexual harasser. The official, who had retired by that point, harassed five women under his chain of command, the inspector general announced. One woman reported that she was not only harassed, but also sexually assaulted. Another woman reported that she was pressured into having sex to get a promotion. Few details were available at the time. The inspector general’s summary of the investigation was barely two pages. The official had worked in the Office of Justice Programs, an arm of the Justice Department that partners with federal, state, and local law enforcement, but he wasn’t identified. The summary didn’t specify what the women accused him of doing or the time period. Because the official had left the department, there wouldn’t be any internal disciplinary process. No criminal charges were filed. Nearly 10 months later, BuzzFeed News obtained a copy of the inspector general’s full report. The 12-page document is redacted but includes a slew of new information, including detailed accounts from two of the women who described a pattern of escalating workplace harassment, as well as investigators’ findings that the former official “lacked credibility” and provided “conflicting testimony.” The former official’s name is redacted in the inspector general’s report, but BuzzFeed News previously identified him as Edison Aponte, who had worked at DOJ since 1994, according to a Justice Department spokesperson. Aponte’s most recent title was associate deputy director in the Bureau of Justice Assistance, a section within the Office of Justice Programs that provides law enforcement training and grants — including, several sources noted, on issues related to victims of sexual assault and domestic violence. “It boggles the mind,” said Jon Adler, who took over as the head of the Bureau of Justice Ass",politics
"Elon Musk fabricated allegations about a British cave rescuer he called a “pedo guy” and oversaw the attempted leak of that unproven information to the press, according to a set of stunning accusations in an ongoing defamation lawsuit against the Tesla Motors and SpaceX CEO. In documents released on Monday night, Vernon Unsworth, a Brit who aided in the rescue of a boy’s soccer team from a Thailand cave system in July 2018, accused Musk of knowingly defaming him and orchestrating ""a malicious, false, and anonymous leak campaign in the UK and Australian press” intended to destroy his reputation. Lambasting the Tesla CEO as “a thin-skinned billionaire” with ""a history of vindictively and intentionally ignoring truth,” Unsworth argued that Musk knew his allegations of pedophilia against the cave expert were false but continued to assert them anyway after the caver criticized Musk’s involvement in the rescue effort. Last month, Musk’s legal team filed to have Unsworth’s suit dismissed on the grounds that the Tesla chief executive did not initially mean for “pedo guy” to be taken factually and that he was simply asking questions when he hired a private investigator to look into Unsworth. The cave rescuer is seeking at least $75,000 in compensatory damages and unspecified punitive damages to be determined by a court. Unsworth’s filing on Monday called Musk’s statements, made in depositions and court documents, “replete with untruths and misrepresentations” and includes a bevy of embarrassing revelations obtained in discovery. In one email to an outside public relations consultant, for example, Musk calls himself a “fucking idiot” for emailing a BuzzFeed News reporter in August 2018 with unverified information to suggest the reporter begin an investigation. Unsworth’s lawyer, Lin Wood, declined to comment on the filing, which was submitted late Monday in a California federal court. In a statement to BuzzFeed News, Musk’s lawyer Alex Spiro said, “This case is nothing but a ",tech
"Beto O’Rourke on Monday pledged to spend trillions to combat the climate crisis in the first major policy proposal of his presidential campaign, making him the latest Democrat in the 2020 race to embrace climate change as a top issue. “The greatest threat we face — which will test our country, our democracy, every single one of us — is climate change,” O’Rourke told supporters in a campaign email. His plan, starting day one in the White House, would include spending a record $5 trillion on climate action over ten years and mandating the US reduce its emissions to net zero by 2050. (This means the nation, by midcentury, would no longer be emitting more climate pollution into the atmosphere than it was pulling out of it through trees and other ways.) “This is one more demonstration that if you want to be a serious candidate, having a real plan to tackle climate change is essential,” Derek Walker, vice president for US climate at the Environmental Defense Fund, told BuzzFeed News. Up until now, O’Rourke has been loose on policy platforms for his presidential campaign. It took multiple interviews to pin down his position on a single-payer Medicare for All system, and in an interview with the Washington Post before he announced his candidacy, O’Rourke struggled to articulate specific solutions to the issue of immigration and border policy on which he built the backbone of his Senate race. Other candidates have launched their campaigns with signature policy proposals — for Sen. Kamala Harris, a massive middle-class tax cut; for Sen. Elizabeth Warren, an anti-corruption bill. But though O'Rourke did often go into specific policy details on the campaign trail on issues from health care to immigration, he had not come out with a policy proposal to anchor his campaign. There are some novel goals in O’Rourke’s plan, including how much he plans to spend acting on climate and his proposal to bring emissions for federal lands down to net zero by 2030. But there’s also a lot of ov",science
"In the 1940s, sexologist Alfred Kinsey, who was on the verge of publishing his first major report on male sexuality in the US, enlisted a photographer named Thomas Painter to investigate gay subcultures. Painter, a white, openly gay man, had taken to photographing hustlers on the beach at Coney Island, one of New York City’s earliest gay hubs. He was particularly drawn to masculine white men who generally viewed themselves as heterosexual; Painter offered to take their photos, a trick he used as a lead-in to sex. In letters sent to Kinsey, Painter reported on the men’s sexual prowess and the changing landscape of Coney Island’s gay scene. Although Painter was sometimes physically attacked, many men agreed to sleep with him — sometimes for money, sometimes not. “They don’t necessarily see themselves as being any different because of what they’re doing with him or other men,” said historian Hugh Ryan, who featured Painter in his 2019 book When Brooklyn Was Queer. In one letter to Kinsey, Painter paraphrased a heterosexual-identified man who explained why he slept with Painter: “It does him no harm, is not unpleasant … so why not do it?” But by the mid-1950s, as categories of heterosexuality and homosexuality hardened in the American consciousness, Painter noticed a change. Where once these straight-identified hustlers could move freely in and out of queer spaces, they were now defined by their association with queer men. Women wouldn’t sleep with them because they assumed these men were homosexual; the mixed bars serving both queer and nonqueer clientele that Painter frequented started closing down, and a polar vision of sexuality that also discounted bisexuality took cultural hold. Men who had a more fluid sense of their own heterosexuality thus had to suppress their desires. But that doesn’t mean the desires were never there to begin with. In his twin reports on the sexual behavior of men (1948) and women (1953), Kinsey found that same-gender sex was far from a triv",reader
" She added that therapy, medication, and husband Joe Jonas have all helped with her depression. Sophie Turner, aka Sansa Stark, aka Jean Grey, aka Mrs. Joe Jonas. You know her. The 23-year-old actor recently did BuzzFeed's puppy interview where she opened up about being a mental health advocate. She said, ""We have kind of a history of mental health problems in my family, so it's always been a big part of my life."" ""I've nearly lost people to mental health problems that I really care about, so it's always been, for me, about de-stigmatizing that..."" ""...bringing it into the norm to not feel ashamed and to feel okay to reach out and get help. That's just something I feel more passionately about than anything."" Sophie has been vocal about her own depression, as well. In a past interview with Dr. Phil on his podcast, she revealed, “I’ve suffered with depression for about five or six years now, and the biggest challenge for me is just getting out of bed, getting out of the house and learning to love yourself.” “It’s a very British thing — that idea you should just get on with it. ‘Chin up.’ Therapy is seen as a bit self-indulgent, a bit soft. But therapy and medication have helped me immeasurably,” she said in an interview with Net-A-Porter. She added: So open and honest! Be sure to check out her puppy interview to learn more about Sophie, GoT, and more.",health
"On the last Saturday in October, in the small town of Blackstock, South Carolina, Tulsi Gabbard — dressed, as she frequently is, in white — sat in a seafood restaurant. She listened attentively while members of the state Democratic Party’s rural and black caucuses met as part of a listening tour. This was a meeting mostly about local issues, and though Gabbard had earlier made some remarks, she was now quiet and took notes, occasionally tapping on her phone. She was the only presidential candidate there, though other campaigns had put up signs or sent representatives. After the meeting was finished, she stayed and shook hands, the very picture of a candidate doing basic, non-flashy retail politics. The appearance wasn’t designed for cameras or attention — Gabbard’s campaign hadn’t even put the event on her press advisory, though a few reporters showed up anyway. It was an average day on the campaign trail, but Gabbard’s campaign isn’t average. The weekend trip to South Carolina came in the midst of a bitter public feud with her party’s last presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, over Clinton accusing Gabbard of being a Republican plant being “groomed” for a third-party run. The tiff has elevated Gabbard as she positions herself as the primary’s anti-Clinton and channels resentment with the last campaign. She’s suddenly close to qualifying for the next presidential debate and running neck-and-neck in the lower tier with candidates like Kamala Harris. Gabbard insists that despite her fight with her party’s establishment, she’d never split off from the Democratic primary to run a third-party campaign. Those declarations have many high-profile doubters. But in the absence of hard evidence that she’s part of a nefarious plot, what if we took Tulsi Gabbard at her word? What if this campaign is really about what she says it’s about? Gabbard has consistently been portrayed in the media as an enigmatic figure, someone whose motivations are unclear and who must be hiding some",politics
"The Trump administration has banned three of the world's most valuable private facial recognition startups from doing business in the United States, prohibiting them from purchasing US products or maintaining relationships with American entities. On Monday, the Department of Commerce announced that 28 Chinese companies and government entities had been added to a blacklist for their roles in human rights violations in Xinjiang, an autonomous region in northwest China that’s home to millions of Uighurs, a Turkic Muslim minority. Among the ventures banned are the Chinese startups SenseTime, Megvii, and Yitu, which, combined, have raised billions of dollars to develop commercial facial recognition technology. Those three companies, which have flourished amid the Chinese government’s push for investments into artificial intelligence, have faced mounting criticism over perceived misuse of their technology by government agencies, particularly in Xinjiang, where it is believed to have played a role in the arrest and detention of more than a million Uighur Muslims and other ethnic minorities. While SenseTime and Megvii have denied working with state entities in the region, researchers and academics have uncovered troubling connections between their facial recognition tech and the surveillance and imprisonment of minorities in China. In identifying these 28 organizations and companies, which also included security camera manufacturers Hikvision and Dahua Technology, the Commerce Department noted that they “pose a significant risk of being or becoming involved in activities contrary to the national security or foreign policy interests of the United States.” “Specifically, these entities have been implicated in human rights violations and abuses in the implementation of China’s campaign of repression, mass arbitrary detention, and high-technology surveillance against Uighurs, Kazakhs, and other members of Muslim minority groups in [Xinjiang],” the directive read. The Chinese go",tech
"A couple weeks ago, I made the mistake of watching Netflix’s new documentary series Our Planet after hitting a friend’s weed pen. Even though I knew that famed naturalist David Attenborough’s latest project aimed to explicitly address the effects of climate change, I was still expecting to (mostly) enjoy a big, splashy nature doc, letting myself become fully immersed in the overwhelming beauty and vastness of life on Earth — especially since, someday all too soon, many of these glorious scenes will be lost to us. What I didn’t expect were the horrors awaiting me at the (now-infamous) end of Episode 2. A huge group of walruses congregate on a tiny stretch of land because they can’t gather on swaths of Arctic sea ice that no longer exist. Forced to find space from the crowd, some of the poorly sighted animals climb up steep cliffs — then, sensing other walruses below, fling their bodies off the edge. Somehow I’d missed all the coverage of Netflix’s warnings to animal lovers about this particular moment. Even if I had, I don’t think anything could have prepared me to see these gentle, gigantic animals tumble to their deaths. I started to weep; I think being stoned could only partially account for my spiral. Piles of walrus bodies, smashed and bloody, will now join the morbid climate change gallery I keep on shuffle in my brain when I’m, say, trying to go to sleep or otherwise enjoy my life: the endangered orangutan trying to stop a bulldozer and save its home, or the polar bear mother and cubs crowding onto a tiny block of ice in the environmental advocacy commercials that used to play, over and over again, in my childhood. Even worse: I picture the growing number of human climate refugees, driven from their homes by droughts, flash floods, and fires, a tableau of mounting apocalypse on a near-biblical scale. Walruses aside, some critics don’t think that Our Planet goes far enough. Yes, we see a fair bit of animal death, in addition to ghostly forests of dead coral and",science
"""This book is incredibly dense, packed full of elaborate prose and heady ideas. A very inventive fantasy world with an unpredictable plot and intriguing characters. This is definitely not your average fantasy book — no knights in shining armor, no powerful wizards saving the day. Instead you have cactus people, strange spider gods, winged bird people from the desert who have a very nonhuman set of morals and cultural norms. The setting is almost a character in itself."" —Chelsea (Amazon) ""When the story starts, the main character has spent almost a year in an insane asylum, so she questions everything, including her own motivations. I thought the book would focus a lot more on dystopian world building, but instead it focuses much more on the characters, and in particular how the main character discovers what has happened and what it takes to live in this world. The plot is solid, with a steady pacing, and I loved every second of it."" —Silverscarf (Amazon) ""The modern world of computers and hackers and technology meets the djinn of the Arabian Nights. Alif, a hacker, receives a strange old book, and this unleashes an even stranger series of events when he becomes enemy of the state and enters a parallel world — the realm of ghosts and spirits and djinn and other magical creatures. It's a different kind of coming-of-age as the main character discovers the limits of perception, the power of belief, and the gift of love. The style is alert, concise, and silky smooth; we are swept together with the characters, witnessing the battle between good and evil with an unexpected twist."" —Andreea Pausan (Amazon) ""Nahri is a clever con artist, with strange healing powers, who soon realizes she may not be completely human. She sets out on a journey with Dara, a daeva (don't call him a djinn) with a grumpy personality and a dark past. Alizayd is the prince of Daevabad — a righteous boy who wants to do well but doesn't always succeed in court politics.""As the main characters intersec",reader
That's it! Bye. Enjoy six to seven Boston cream donuts: Present a tray of tots to the Rat King: Enjoy a solitary pear: Get a little barefoot reading in: Take a quick lil' nap: Rest your burger upon the hallowed ground: Play catch: Prepare your world-famous banana and bun sandwich: Rest your headphones in the thin layer of piss on the ground: Leave your retainer out for curious folks: Drop your fried egg: Crunch into a big ol' bag of chips while takin' a shit: Go trick-or-treating: Time travel to the 33rd century: Forget your spaghetti: Hold a service for your almighty lord and savior: Eat an entire package of raw fish: Forget your bowl of four fries: And be named Tyler and absolutely rip into some turkey broth:,health
"Several hours into her testimony to impeachment investigators, Marie Yovanovitch, the former US ambassador to Ukraine, breaks down. She asks to take a minute, and once she’s collected herself, an aide to the House committee says, “We understand this is a difficult and emotional topic.” Minutes earlier, Yovanovitch, had recounted the rush with which she was recalled from her post by President Donald Trump — the calls from senior State Department staff in the middle of the night telling her she’d “need to come home on the next plane,” that they were concerned for her safety. She repeats, as she does over and over again, in her more than 300 pages of testimony released Monday, that it all left her “shocked.” Days after leaving Kyiv, following a public vilification campaign led by former Ukrainian prosecutor Yuriy Lutsenko and Rudy Giuliani (and amplified by Donald Trump Jr.), she finally makes it to the State Department offices in DC, where she meets Assistant Secretary Phil Reeker and then–deputy secretary John Sullivan, who apologizes for what is happening to her. “What have I done wrong?” she asks. “He repeated what Phil had already told me, which is that this was coming from President Trump, this was, you know, final, and that I — that the reason they pulled me back is that they were worried that if I wasn't, you know, physically out of Ukraine, that there would be, you know, some sort of public either tweet or something else from the White House,” Yovanovitch tells the room. “And so this was to make sure that I would be treated with as much respect as possible.” Minutes later, she falls apart. Yovanovitch’s testimony is many things: a roadmap to Giuliani’s parallel diplomacy, an inside look at how Republican members of Congress are treating the inquiry, a crash course in Ukrainian politics. But more than anything, it is a revelation of how at least one entire section of the US government — in this case, the State Department — has come to live in total fear of the ",politics
"A Catholic priest notices a fellow priest liking gay porn star pics on Instagram. A man receives a DM from his ex wondering why he's liking photos of someone who gave her gonorrhea. A mother notices the husband of a fellow mom liking bikini model photos. A daughter catches her own father liking cheesecake pinup photos. These true tales of Instagram horror (names omitted to protect the horny) were all born out of the photo-sharing platform's “Following” tab — a feed that shows the likes, comments, follows of your friends. Thankfully for the irrepressibly lascivious, Instagram is scrapping that feature entirely. Beginning this week, the heart tab will display only your own activity. Instagram launched its “Following” tab as an early feature back in 2011, long before its Explore tab debuted. At the time, Following was the best way to discover new content, since it would show you things your friends were liking. But that’s no longer true now that Explore has established itself as the primary means of discovering new stuff on Instagram. Now that Following has disappeared, it’s likely few people will notice it’s gone. Vishal Shah, Instagram’s head of product, told BuzzFeed News it wasn't a feature that people used frequently and that the company suspected many users didn't know it existed. And for those that did, it was often a source of unwelcome surprises. “People didn’t always know that their activity is surfacing,” Shah said. “So you have a case where it’s not serving the use case you built it for, but it’s also causing people to be surprised when their activity is showing up."" “Simplicity was the driving factor,” Shah said of Instagram’s decision to remove the Following tab. Since the original founders Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger left Instagram last year, reportedly over disputes with Facebook over-Facebookifying the app, Instagram has gotten a little, uh, busier. It added the dreaded “hamburger menu,” three lines in the top right corner that you tap on to reveal ",tech
"Every time you open your wallet, the choices you make affect how quickly the world will warm. Corporations are trying to limit their greenhouse emissions, but some are doing better than others. To test your credentials as a green consumer, BuzzFeed News obtained data from the environmental accounting firm Trucost, part of S&P Global, for the three top-performing US companies in each of six categories, judged by their emissions in metric tons of carbon dioxide per million dollars in revenue. This allowed us to award them gold, silver, or bronze status, based on their performance in 2017 — the most recent year in the data.",science
"If you can't see the sign-up box above, you can sign up here. Three generations of women from a conservative Arab family living in America are at the core of Etaf Rum's riveting debut novel. From the very first line, Rum brings you into the hearts and minds of these characters, and you'll stay connected to them well beyond finishing the last page. Most compelling to me was the character of Isra, who moved to Brooklyn from Palestine as a teenager as part of an arranged marriage. She thinks she'll be freer and happier in America, and that she might even grow to love her new husband. She soon learns that even in America, her powerlessness is reinforced and that her destiny might never be in her own hands, just because she is a woman. But when the novel is told through Isra's daughter Deya's point of view, you'll see that finding your voice in a controlling, limiting culture takes an immense amount of bravery. The novel deals with intense subjects like domestic abuse and mental illness, and it's important to remember while reading the book that this is just one family's consequences of silencing women, not a symptom of an entire culture. A Woman Is No Man captivated me so much that I canceled plans so I could keep reading and even missed my subway stop while buried in the book, which I haven't done in years. It's shocking to remember that this is Rum's first novel, and I can't wait to see what she delivers next. –Ciera Velarde Get it from Amazon for $16.19, Barnes & Noble for $21.59, or a local bookseller through IndieBound here. I was drawn to Women Talking — a novel imagining the aftermath of the real assault of women in a small Mennonite community in Bolivia from 2005 to 2009 — having taken a class in college about women in the Andean region. We discussed the intersectionality between assault and religion in the indigenous communities there, but the vast majority of the literature (both fiction and non-fiction) that I read in this course was in Spanish — so I'm glad ",reader
,health
"WASHINGTON — Jennifer Riley Collins, a Democrat running for attorney general in Mississippi, has the chance to make history this week as Mississippi’s first black woman elected to statewide office. But Riley Collins has shied away from an emphasis on the history-making prospects of her candidacy, choosing instead to focus more on the unifying role she wants to play in bringing together communities across racial lines. “They have to know that hope is on the ballot,” Riley Collins told BuzzFeed News on Monday. “That’s why I say to them all the time, ‘Hope is on the ballot and her name is Jennifer Riley Collins.’” Riley Collins, 53, is running against the state's treasurer, Lynn Fitch, who was the chair of the group Mississippi Women for Trump in 2016. Riley Collins is running an explicitly anti-Trump message, saying Monday that she doesn’t understand how Donald Trump's Christian supporters can reconcile their politics with their faith. “I’m not quite sure what Bible they’re reading,” Jennifer Riley Collins said in a telephone interview the day before Mississippi’s election. “The God I pray to on a daily basis says that we’re to take care of those who don't have the same privileges that we have and that [we’ve] been blessed with. The Bible says that above all [Christians should] love, not push hate. You cannot show me anywhere in the Bible where God is a proponent of this kind of hate-and-divide rhetoric that is coming out of the presidential administration.” She added, “I'm not going to allow the Republican Party to weaponize religion.” Riley Collins is the former head of the Mississippi American Civil Liberties Union and served in the US Army for 32 years. She has received the support of Higher Heights for America, a group seeking to elect more black women to office, and from fellow Mississippi native Stacey Abrams, who became a national figure after her race for governor in Georgia last year. Riley Collins' campaign has relied on her biography as the mother of three",politics
"Tell us how long you've been providing financial support to your parents — and, if you're comfortable sharing, how much it costs you. What does that money go toward? (For example, do they need help paying for their mortgage?) What led you to start supporting them? (Was it always expected of you when you started earning a salary? Did they unexpectedly lose their jobs? Has it been hard for your parents to find work, or are they unable to work?) And, in the end, how does financially supporting your parents impact your life and plans?  We'd love it if you could include your age for context. This was the only time TD Ameritrade did this survey. One common assumption about millennials is that many have dead-end jobs and have fended off extinction by suckling the teat of their boomer parents well past the point of preserving any dignity. Here's the thing though: That's not the case for a lot of families. In fact — get this, guys — a lot of millennials financially support their baby boomer parents. I am not making this up. A survey by TD Ameritrade showed that in 2015, 19% of millennials were supporting their parents; the same percentage of boomers said they were supporting their adult children. And the amount of financial support millennials were providing was greater than that of boomers and Gen X'ers. We love our parents — who wouldn't help a parent if they could? But no one talks about this. Perhaps because it's hard for parents to talk about receiving help from their (millennial) children. But the truth is between student loans, credit card debt, childcare, and helping out parents, many young adults today are dealing with tons of financial pressure. If you're a millennial who financially supports your parent(s), we'd love to hear from you about how it impacts your life. Share your story (and a photo, if you'd like) in the comments below, and we might include your submission in a BuzzFeed News post.",tech
"This week, BuzzFeed News is highlighting the current reality of climate change and how it is changing our world. How much do you know about what’s going on? ",science
"As soon as Taylor Swift started teasing her latest single — the rainbow-burst “Me!” in May — the speculation game began. Was she unveiling a clothing line? Could the timing mean she was part of the Avengers franchise? Was she coming out? No such luck, as Swift ultimately unveiled an unremarkable pop song about being yourself. The music and video — a rare Swift collaboration with Panic! at the Disco’s Brendon Urie — were like a kid’s confetti bomb explosion. The pastel colors signaled a softening from the black-and-gray palette of her Reputation era, and the simplicity of the “Shake It Off”–style chorus seemed like a — less mature — return to her usual happy-go-lucky style. The song peaked at No. 2 thanks to her massive fanbase, who bought it in droves, but like most of the music off her last album, it failed to match the impact of previous hits, and it’s already falling out of the Top 10. The critical reception has also been the worst of her career. Katy Perry, who, like Swift, found big success by collaborating with famed Top 40 producer Max Martin, has also been struggling; her last album, 2016’s Witness, famously flopped. Her latest single, the hopefully titled “Never Really Over,” released last week, is being promoted as her “comeback” solo release after two years of silence. But the song and accompanying video, which features Perry floating around a field in hippie muumuus while she sings about a never-ending relationship, initially trended on YouTube but quickly fizzled out. (It’s topped out at 30-something million views, low compared with both her and Swift’s 100 million–view average.) Perry and Swift used to effortlessly dominate the conversation as they sent their sonic earworms shooting up the charts and into gyms and Starbucks everywhere. These minor missteps hardly mean their careers — especially Swift’s — are in crisis. But they are at similar moments in their trajectories — Swift is now six albums into her career, and Perry five — and in many ways thei",reader
"With the recent rash of states restricting abortion rights, doctors are often left out of the conversation around this highly politicized medical procedure. Photographer Melissa Golden attended the March for Reproductive Freedom in Birmingham, Alabama, on May 19, 2019, and spoke with doctors and medical students about their views on the new restrictions. Here are their thoughts. “I’m here for one reason: advocating for my patients and just making sure that they have the rights to get a safe abortion in the future. Nobody should have that right taken away from them.” “I was born in Alabama, I grew up here. I left and got my medical training in other parts of the country — and now I’m back to serve the women of Alabama, and they deserve better. That’s why I’m here today."" “Abortion doesn’t stop just because it’s banned. It only means that those procedures are performed unsafely, and the result is that more women will suffer and more women will die as a result of this.” “I think it’s my responsibility as a future OBGYN to fight for my patients ... so that I can practice the full range of obstetric and gynecologic health care.” “I decided to become an abortion provider when I was in Africa in a country that had an abortion law that is very similar to the one that Alabama just passed, and I saw a woman die from an unsafe abortion. … It is an absolute honor and a privilege to get to do what I do. ""I have trained most of my adult life to learn how to take care of women at every stage of their life, whether that’s when they are 12 and getting their first period, if they’re 35 and having a hard time getting pregnant, if they are in their twenties and having a baby for the first time, or they’re in their sixties and they’re being diagnosed with cancer — it’s an absolute honor to get to take care of women during every single part of their reproductive life. ""Abortion is just as much a part of that as any of those other absolutely incredible milestones and parts of their life. ",health
"HONG KONG — Amazon, Apple, Google, and other technology giants are distributing physical goods and apps from Chinese companies that the US government has accused of abetting human rights violations, BuzzFeed News has found. The goods and apps come from three companies — Hikvision, Dahua Technology, and iFlytek — which the US Commerce Department recently placed on an export blacklist for their role in aiding in the surveillance and detention of more than a million Uighur Muslims and other Muslim ethnic minorities in China’s northwest Xinjiang region. The blacklist designation prevents US companies from exporting commodities or software to those companies. But it does not stop Amazon and eBay from selling their products in their own online marketplaces, or Google and Apple from distributing their apps to US consumers. BuzzFeed News’ findings underscore, however, the extent to which the technology industry’s leading companies continue to work with entities that supply surveillance software and cameras to watch over one of the world’s most persecuted ethnic minorities. BuzzFeed News counted hundreds of products from Dahua and Hikvision, which manufacture security system equipment, and iFlytek, a voice recognition and translation company, on Amazon, eBay, and Overstock. Apple and Google also collectively distributed more than 100 apps from the three Chinese companies on the Apple App Store and Google Play, the main marketplace for Android software. “We know that these companies are amongst the suppliers of the surveillance regime in Xinjiang and the whole spectrum of incarceration,” said James Millward, a professor at Georgetown University’s School of Foreign Service, of Hikvision, Dahua, and iFlytek. “It points out how difficult it is to try to pressure China on these issues.” The tech giants' distribution of apps and products from three blacklisted entities comes at a time of heightened scrutiny over how much Western companies are willing to appease China in order to m",politics
"The video begins with images of angry protesters who “have attempted to landlock our resources.” Then it cuts to shots of oil rigs and roughnecks in coveralls and hard hats. “We’ve been busy reducing GHG emissions and maintaining the highest environmental and human rights standards for energy development in the world,” the voiceover says. Over pictures of waterfalls and sunsets, community barbecues and playing children, the narrative reaches a crescendo. “We create jobs and build schools, playgrounds and hospitals … pay doctors and teachers. … Canada needs us. The world needs us. We are Canadian energy and we are proud.” Amid an increasingly acrimonious national debate over pipelines and climate change, the video — which has more than 5 million views across YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter — has all the hallmarks of a political advocacy ad. But because the two-minute video was put online two weeks before the writ was dropped, and because it does not name a party or a candidate, it skirts the disclosure rules that would publicly reveal who made the video, who paid for it, and how much it cost. Canada’s election laws are among the strictest in the world, with hard caps on campaign and advertising spending and a ban on donations from corporations and unions. Amid growing fears of the potential for outside actors to manipulate election campaigns, stricter third-party rules were brought in earlier this year, broadening requirements for private interests to register and disclose their activities. But instead of increasing transparency, the new rules have pushed private interests to broadcast their messages earlier and earlier in the campaign cycle, when they can choose to remain anonymous. Outside of certain dates — June 30 for partisan ads and Sept. 11 for issue-based messages — Canadian election years are still a free-for-all where anyone can spend whatever they want without disclosing their identities or their funders. The oil video, titled “Supporting the well-being of ",tech
"Naomi Klein's provocative book unveils the myths surrounding the climate change debate and explores how the ""free market"" is holding us back from important changes. Promising review: ""Naomi Klein’s This Changes Everything is absolutely essential for understanding, confronting, and meeting the challenges of the 21st century. [...] I am very inspired by this book and I cannot wait for others to read it and react to it."" —Chris Get it from Amazon for $14.32, Barnes & Noble for $18.99, or find it at Indiebound or your local library. Merchants of Doubt follows a group of high-level scientists and advisers who have purposefully misled the public, denying evidence of climate change in an effort to placate corporate and political interests. Promising review: ""Exceptional. Put this book at the very top of your reading list. The authors provide a clear, stunning, and engaging history of how a handful of scientists were able to keep doubt alive during every occasion in which scientific evidence threatened to cut into a corporation's profit or a politician's proposed policy."" —Charlene Get it from Amazon for $11.39+, Barnes & Noble for $19+, or find it at Indiebound or your local library. Earl Swift provides a thorough, intimate look at the small, tight-knit community of Tangier Island, Virginia — and how that community is responding to its destruction by the effects of climate change.  Promising review: ""A well-told story about the watermen of the Chesapeake Bay and the blue crabs and oysters that sustain them. Swift does a remarkable job of explaining the character of the families and their community on this remote island. He paints a vivid portrait of the perils they face from their work — and from climate change, although, despite acknowledging the incessant shrinking of their island, they do not accept the notion of sea level rise. Recommended for anyone with an interest in the Bay and the historic watermen who live there."" —Paul Goldberg Get it from Amazon for $15.93, Bar",science
"One thing that Marcus Kim, the HVAC technician and struggling rapper played by Randall Park in Always Be My Maybe, and Fred Flarsky, the unemployed alt-weekly journalist played by Seth Rogen in Long Shot, have in common is trouble dressing for the occasion. Fred turns up at an exclusive cocktail party in a snapback and brightly colored windbreaker he passes off as dressy because it zips all the way up. Later, caught without anything appropriate to wear to a state dinner, he’s given a traditional Swedish suit, knee breeches and all, a prank that makes him look like he’s participating in an obscure form of cosplay. When Marcus gets invited to a high-end dinner, he busts out a timeworn tux that could be a holdover from his high school prom, only to end up the lone figure in black tie in a restaurant otherwise full of designer T-shirts. So he wears a T-shirt himself to the next occasion, only to discover that he’s not allowed to enter without a jacket. He’s loaned one that’s much too big, leaving him looking like a child dressed in his father's clothing. It's an observation that could apply to both of these characters, who may be well into their thirties, but who seem to find the adult world to be semi-foreign territory. Call these guys the rom-com schlubs — not man-children, exactly, but not fully developed grown-ups either, much less hunky heartthrobs ready to sweep their leading lady off her feet. Over the decades, romantic comedy men have been fast-talking charmers, sweetly hapless stammerers, jerks with soft centers, boombox-wielding dreamers, wry urbanites, and regular old nice guys, but it’s hard to think of a time when they’ve been presented as so pointedly less than as in these two movies. Fred and Marcus stand in stark contrast to the powerhouse women they love, and who, to the men’s astonishment, turn out to love them back. Marcus wins the heart of Sasha Tran (Ali Wong), who grew up next door to him in San Francisco, and who’s become a celebrity chef building",reader
All images via Getty,health
"House Democrats began releasing transcripts from their closed-door impeachment hearings on Monday. The first two transcripts to be made public are congressional investigators' interviews with former Ukraine Ambassador Marie Yovanovitch, who was ousted by President Donald Trump, and former senior State Department adviser Michael McKinley. The testimony released Monday sheds more light on the investigation into Trump, who asked Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on a July 25 call for a ""favor"" to help him investigate the origins of the Russia investigation and former special counsel Robert Mueller's probe, as well as former vice president Joe Biden, a top candidate for president, and his son Hunter. House Democrats are investigating that request as well as whether Trump's decision to withhold financial aid to Ukraine was directly connected to it. According to the transcript, Yovanovitch told congressional investigators that she was told by a senior Ukrainian official around February of this year that Lev Parnas and Igor Fruman were working with Rudy Giuliani, a lawyer working for Trump, to try to replace her as ambassador to Ukraine. The Ukrainian official told her ""I really needed to watch my back,"" she said, according to the transcript. Yovanovitch later identified the senior Ukrainian official as Interior Minister Arsen Avakov, who told her that Giuliani had reached out to him in ""either late January or early February"" to try to set up a meeting while Avakov was in the US. Avakov told her that he had spoken with Giuliani on the phone, but that he did not want to meet with Giuliani ""because of his concerns about what they were doing,"" according to the transcript. Avakov avoided the meeting because he believed that Ukraine getting involved in US politics ""was a dangerous place for Ukraine to be,"" given the country's bipartisan support from the US, she added. Avakov told Yovanovitch that he was concerned about Giuliani and his associates pressing Ukraine for infor",politics
"NEW DELHI — Instagram has refused to say whether it will comply with a court order to provide the identity of whoever is running an anonymous account sharing #MeToo stories of abuse in India’s art world. The company told BuzzFeed News it could not comment on the order made in an Indian court as the case was still before judges, but said that it always cooperates with law enforcement. If Instagram complies with the order, it could set a dangerous precedent for its policy on revealing the identities behind anonymous accounts. At the center of the case is an Instagram account called Scene and Herd, or @herdsceneand, which has anonymously posted stories of alleged abuse in the India’s art world since last year. Subodh Gupta, an award-winning artist and recipient of France’s highest honor for the arts, filed a defamation suit worth around $700,000 at the Delhi High Court after he was accused in a post on Scene and Herd last December of verbally and physically harassing his women assistants. Subodh Gupta has denied the allegations, saying that they have been made from behind a ""veil of anonymity"" and as a result his reputation has been destroyed. (Subodh Gupta's lawyers did not respond to a request for comment from BuzzFeed News.) In a court hearing last month, a judge instructed Google and Facebook — Instagram’s owner — to remove links that mention Subodh Gupta’s name in connection with #MeToo allegations. ""Our teams are reviewing the court order and will take action in compliance with the local laws,"" a Google spokesperson told BuzzFeed News. The judge also directed Instagram to provide the identity of the person running Scene and Herd, in a sealed envelope, by the date of the next hearing, Nov. 18. Instagram declined to answer questions on this case. But BuzzFeed News has seen an email an Instagram executive sent in late September to the people behind an anonymous #MeToo-related Instagram account that asked to be left out of their legal trouble when they were sued. Thi",tech
"On the evening of April 25, 1986, routine testing at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant near Pripyat, Ukraine, went horribly awry as the worst-case scenario of our modern age was realized. A catastrophic failure of the No. 4 nuclear reactor resulted in a massive explosion that released enormous quantities of radioactive fission products into the air. Within the first four months of the accident, 28 people had died and the surrounding wildlife populations were left devastated by the effects of radiation exposure. The nearby town of Pripyat was evacuated and has remained a virtual ghost town for the last 33 years. Since 1994, photographer David McMillan has made 21 trips into the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone — and under proper guidance and extreme care has documented the changing landscape as nature slowly reclaims what civilization is left in this nuclear wasteland. His new book Growth and Decay is the result of these excursions and features some 200 of these haunting and beautiful pictures. Here, McMillan shares with BuzzFeed News a gallery of images from the book and his words on what goes into making a picture in a nuclear fallout zone. What is it about Chernobyl that keeps you returning? David McMillan: I studied painting, but became more interested in photography. The subject of my photographs had a lot to do with the tension between nature and culture and this led me to begin photographing in Chernobyl in 1994. After that initial visit, I was happy with the photographs — and sensing I had only seen a portion of what was there, I returned six months later. After several years of photographing in Chernobyl, it became clear that there was this dichotomy occurring: Nature was proliferating while the built environment was deteriorating, and this became the scope of the book. Have you ever worried for your health or safety while making these pictures? In the ’90s, I was often transported in vehicles too contaminated to leave the exclusion zone and I had to spend the night",science
"Elizabeth Gilbert has recently taken up dancing. Not the graceful steps she might have retained from a childhood ballet class, which she assures me she never took. It’s much less dignified than that. Gilbert dances with the loosey-goosey, arms-akimbo, leaving-everything-out-on-the-floor abandon you discover when you’re dancing in a room by yourself to Motown. “I do a lot of weird shit on my own,” she tells me with a laugh. “Most people like us,” she gestures to me, so I assume she means writers more generally, “think of our bodies as a broomstick that carries our brain jar around.” Over the last year, movement has been an important way for Gilbert to break herself free of this mindset. But the dancing? That started as a way to cope with the loss of her partner, Rayya Elias, who died in 2018 of pancreatic and liver cancer, at age 57. “I have this beautiful memory from when right after Rayya was diagnosed,” Gilbert says. “We’d been crying a lot, and some David Bowie came on. I just remember her looking at me, and she just started smiling, and she was like, ‘Well, we might as well just dance.’” Elias, a musician, filmmaker, and author of Harley Loco: A Memoir of Hard Living, Hair, and Post-Punk, From the Middle East to the Lower East Side, seems to be on Gilbert’s mind that day. “I can still see her face, still see that Oh, I’m dying and we can dance,” says Gilbert. “In the months after Rayya died, I would just hit shuffle on one of her playlists and be like, babe, you pick it, and then I would dance to one of her songs.” In an indirect way, Elias happens to be the reason Gilbert, now almost 50, has chosen our meeting spot, Ludlow House, an upscale private club and coworking space in SoHo. After Elias was diagnosed with cancer, Gilbert, who grew up in Connecticut but has lived in Manhattan on and off for the past 30 years, needed somewhere else in the city to be, where she could retreat when grief and caretaking got overwhelming. Ludlow House, with its low-slung red ve",reader
"All images via Getty Nothing beats a gorgeous, sunny day — unlessss you have a migraine. And no, sunglasses don't help. Giving a big work presentation is crazy anxiety-producing on its own. Having a migraine come on before or while you're in front of the room? Legit wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. Blasting music? No, thanks. Flashing lights? Double nope. A sweaty, swarming crowd and no personal space? I don't care how expensive the tickets were — I need to get out of here STAT. Exercise can help with certain types of pain. Migraine pain is NOT one of them. Any type of movement is tough — vigorous movement is a rock-hard N-O-P-E. Commuting without a migraine: annoying. Commuting with a migraine: What did I ever do to deserve this level of torture?!?! 😱 I love my smartphone. Working on a laptop pays my bills. On a migraine day, I truly wish no form of bright screen had ever been invented! To you, this pool might look nice and cool and refreshing. I, on the other hand, am getting a migraine just thinking about the vicious, vicious smell of that chlorine. Speaking of smells, whatever is in these pots is probably delicious, but I don't want to catch the slightest whiff of it if I have a migraine. 🤢 Nothing like getting a migraine on the plane to damper the excitement of going on a trip. If you're flying for work, then just UGH x 1 million. A simple errand like running to the grocery store for milk should not feel like a daunting task. But when you have a migraine, it most definitely is. And so is every single other little thing you must accomplish before you can finally retreat to a dark room and fall asleep. And that, my people, is called living with migraines.",health
"WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump can't invoke ""presidential immunity"" to block a New York grand jury subpoena for eight years of his tax returns, a federal appeals court ruled Monday. It's the latest loss for the president in his bid to stop any disclosure of his personal financial records, especially his tax returns. The US Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit ruled that any immunity Trump might be entitled to against criminal prosecution didn't apply to a state grand jury subpoena to his accounting firm, and rejected his argument that there was a ""serious stigma"" associated with being the ""target"" of a criminal investigation. ""Even assuming, without deciding, that a formal criminal charge against the President carries a stigma too great for the Constitution to tolerate, we cannot conclude that mere investigation is so debilitating,"" 2nd Circuit Chief Judge Robert Katzmann wrote for the court. Even assuming that a sitting president can't be criminally prosecuted — an issue the 2nd Circuit made clear it was not ruling on in Monday's order — the court noted that Trump conceded that any immunity would only last while a president was in office and that he could be charged after leaving the White House. ""There is no obvious reason why a state could not begin to investigate a President during his term and, with the information secured during that search, ultimately determine to prosecute him after he leaves office,"" Katzmann wrote. Jay Sekulow, one of Trump's personal lawyers, said in an email that they planned to petition the US Supreme Court to hear the case. The Justice Department is not representing the president in the case, but filed a brief supporting his effort to block the subpoena. ""The issue raised in this case goes to the heart of our Republic. The constitutional issues are significant,"" Sekulow wrote. A state grand jury in New York issued a subpoena to Trump's longtime accounting firm, Mazars USA LLP, in August, seeking Trump's tax returns going back to 2",politics
"A BuzzFeed News investigation uncovered a network of websites and accounts using Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and other social platforms to sow propaganda targeting Iran and Qatar. The accounts, which have now been taken down, appear to have been professionally run by PR firms based in the Middle East and Africa. In August, Facebook announced the removal of more than 350 pages and accounts it said were engaged in coordinated inauthentic activity and operated by marketing firms in Egypt and the UAE. Now, after being contacted by BuzzFeed News about another network of pages, accounts, and websites connected to those it had previously removed, Facebook has announced additional takedowns, saying the accounts removed in August were, in fact, part of larger operations run by PR firms in UAE and Nigeria. ""The August takedown is heavily linked to these entities, and disrupting parts of that network helped elucidate more about the behavior of the second network,"" David Agranovich, global threat disruption lead at Facebook, told BuzzFeed News in an interview. This follows a September announcement by Twitter that it had removed 241 additional accounts linked to Egypt and the UAE. It’s now clear that these accounts were also connected to the larger operation uncovered by BuzzFeed News and targeted by Facebook today. In total, the company removed 211 Facebook accounts, 107 Facebook Pages, 43 Facebook Groups, and 87 Instagram accounts “for engaging in coordinated inauthentic behavior that originated in the UAE, Egypt and Nigeria,” according to today’s announcement. Additionally, 62 Twitter accounts and 12 YouTube accounts uncovered by BuzzFeed News were taken down. Facebook also announced today that it had removed accounts and pages connected to separate information operations stemming from Egypt and Indonesia. The UAE–Nigeria network spent close to $150,000 promoting its content on Facebook, and attracted close to 1.4 million followers for the associated pages, according to the F",tech
"Photographer Nick Brandt has spent years working in East Africa, documenting the stark contrast between the region's natural beauty and the devastating impact of humans on the environment. Since 2005, Brandt has published six books on the theme of vanishing wildlife and has been the subject of many solo exhibitions in galleries and museums around the world. In 2010, Brandt took his work further by helping to launch the Big Life Foundation, a nonprofit conservation organization that enlists over 200 local rangers to protect 1.6 million acres in Kenya and Tanzania. His new book, This Empty World, visualizes the landscapes of East Africa as places of extreme environmental stress, where wild beasts roam the industrialized and polluted lands that were once theirs. Each picture is meticulously blended from two original images, each shot on the exact same spot weeks apart — the results are a surreal and haunting vision of Earth's wild past and the dark future we may be heading toward if nothing changes. Here, Nick Brandt speaks to BuzzFeed News about the concepts behind these pictures and describes a world where wildlife falls victim to humanity's disregard for the environment. What are the themes you address in This Empty World? This Empty World focuses on the escalating destruction of the African natural world at the hands of humans, showing a world where, overwhelmed by runaway development, there is no longer space for animals to survive. The countries of East Africa, where this series was photographed, are one of the hot spots for this population explosion. All those people have to live somewhere. Environmentalists working in East Africa recognize that this is really one of the biggest, most dramatic reasons for such radical biodiversity loss. There is almost no park or reserve big enough for most animals to live out their lives safely. And outside of those often surprisingly small areas, the animals are being squeezed out and hunted down. It’s reaching the point where",science
"Here at BuzzFeed Books, we've fallen in love with Sarah Gailey's latest novel, Magic for Liars, about a private investigator called to a school for magic to look into a grisly murder. (We even named it one of our favorite books of this summer.) We asked the Los Angeles–based author to tell us about their writing space and routine — to show us where the magic (pun intended) happens. Here's what they had to say about their ""Giganto desk,"" the ""Infinite Calendar,"" and, most importantly, the Cuboid. BuzzFeed Books: Tell us about your writing space. Sarah Gailey: My writing space is my home office, where I share a double-wide desk with my partner, who also works at home. The desk faces a giant window, so there's plenty of natural light for the zillion plants, several of which sprouted or propagated on this very desk over the course of my most recent manuscript! Not pictured: the dog, who is usually snoozing on the couch behind me. She interrupts my workflow a few times a day to demand a trip outside, which is good because it reminds me about things like ""other people"" and ""the sky"" and ""things that aren't work,"" or whatever. We have a ton of plants (I can quit anytime I want). There's the Infinite Calendar, which hangs on the wall and covers my big career stuff for the next couple of years. I also have several different skulls, bones, tusks, and knives scattered throughout the space, as well as a strange transparent cuboid I found while walking the dog. The Cuboid is my friend and confidant. It knows all. Trust in the Cuboid. Why here? SG: I love writing here for a lot of reasons. First, because it's in my home, which means I never have to wear pants that aren't comfortable, and no one is nearby to bother me. Second, because I've made my setup ergonomic — I have a little footrest because I'm too short for my feet to touch the ground, and I have cushions for my chair and keyboard. All of this goes a long way toward giving me a workspace that doesn't exacerbate my chronic ",reader
"Like ""banging your funny bone a thousand times over"" bad. But...I guess they keep us on our toes? I mean, I *wish* it was just a headache! This leads to so many fruitless doctor conversations I've lost count. People sensitivity... Usually laying in bed for that long would be called a ""great weekend."" Even those who do get migraines can't necessarily relate to what yours feels like. They're usually very quick to suggest taking the afternoon off, but it often turns judgmental if it goes any longer. Trust us, we'd hang out if we could! Especially with some people able to function through a migraine attack, it can make you feel like you're making a big deal of things. Which can be kinda lonely. Aged cheeses, rain, salty food, jogging, onions, bananas, loud noises... Surprise! You're triggered by avocados now, too! My warning signs are tiny blindspots, so I'm constantly reading small print to figure out whether I need to rush off or not. See you on the other side! Hopefully! ""Is there anything I can do?"" is a personal favorite. Look, migraines are the WORST. They're a random, miserable, unexplainable, pain-in-the-behind with pretty much zero rhyme or reason to them. And while everyone loves to say they ""get migraines too""... ...a headache and a migraine are two veeeeery different things. In fact, no two people's experiences of migraines are alike. There's light sensitivity, weather sensitivity, food sensitivity... And for some, the after effects can last literally days. Which really makes it hard to feel like anyone really understands what you go through. And people tend to get much less sympathetic when you need to take time off. Or if you need to skip out on plans. Which, in turn, can make you feel a little guilty. The triggers can be pretty random too. And juuuuust when you think you might have figured it out, you get thrown a curveball. So you're constantly on alert for those trigger signs in case you need to run to your nearest medicine stash. Because if it turns ou",health
"DES MOINES — Pete Buttigieg marched a throng of supporters — a group that started with more than 2,000, said one local police official — through the rainy streets of downtown Des Moines and into Wells Fargo Arena on Friday for Democrats’ biggest political event of the season. On the way, they passed the city’s convention center, where Joe Biden addressed a much smaller crowd inside a ballroom that was at least a quarter empty before he led them to the Liberty & Justice Celebration over an enclosed bridge connected to the arena. It was like that this weekend in the first caucus state: Buttigieg going one way, Biden another. The 37-year-old mayor of South Bend, Indiana, has acknowledged he needs to lure moderate and independent voters away from the 76-year-old former vice president to have any chance at being their party’s nominee for president. Biden was the polling leader in Iowa from this spring through the summer, with Buttigieg more often than not a distant fourth. Most recent Iowa polling now shows a shift. A New York Times/Siena College survey that landed hours before Friday’s event showed Buttigieg edging Biden for third, but in a tight four-way race with Sens. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Buttigieg advisers spent the days leading up to the Liberty & Justice gala — known as the LJ, formerly known as the Jefferson-Jackson Dinner, and remembered for how it propelled Barack Obama in 2007 — building hype that their candidate would have an Obama moment. Buttigieg’s crowds showed a strong organization, both in Iowa and nationally, as many supporters came from elsewhere for the pre-LJ festivities. A Buttigieg spokesperson told BuzzFeed News the campaign did not organize the out-of-state travel and only gave LJ tickets to Iowans and some headquarters staff. ""We are seeing enthusiasm for Pete continue to grow throughout Iowa, and that was no more evident than this weekend in Des Moines,” the spokesperson, Chris Meagher, said via emai",politics
"Since the beginning of the 2016 election cycle, some of President Donald Trump’s supporters have claimed that the Republican is more cunning than he appears, playing “four-dimensional chess.” But what was never totally clear was the extent to which Trump believed the most extreme claims he made in public. Was he playing to the fringe? Or did he really believe this stuff? But now, thanks to the impeachment inquiry, we know that the president has spent months fixated on a conspiratorial web of right-wing fan fiction. His attempt to extort the Ukrainian government into investigating Democrat Joe Biden, one of the leading contenders for his party’s nomination for president, has made it clear: Donald Trump is part of a digital human centipede of his own making. This week, we learned that Trump and Attorney General William Barr investigated three pieces of “Russiagate."" The conspiracy theory maps out an intricate machinery of blather, but here is the core: In 2016, the Democrats faked the hack of the Democratic National Committee’s servers to frame Russia so as to make Trump’s presidential win look illegitimate. In the years since, it has spiraled out into a tangled paranoid contraption involving state-sponsored killings, pedophile sex rings, and even, in some cases, demonic sacrifice. Within this vast conspiracy, Trump and Barr have latched on to three specific elements that circulate among right-wing blogs, pro-Trump subreddits, and white nationalist message boards — namely the cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike, the Australian diplomat Alexander Downer, and Maltese professor Joseph Mifsud. Bear in mind that basically none of what follows is true. But the president of the United States seems to think it is. Trump famously doesn’t read news on the internet, but he does read Twitter. As you can see here, his feed mostly mixes Fox News anchors, conservative political operatives, and his children, the last of whom seem to push right-wing conspiracy theorists straight to him. Am",tech
"For a handful of students in Jinchang, China, the cosmos are closer than you'd expect. Located in the windswept desolation of the Gobi Desert, the C-Space Project Mars simulation base is one of the first of its kind — a compound designed to accurately replicate the conditions of a crewed mission to Mars. And in one of China's most impoverished regions, the facility may also break new ground as a lucrative tourism industry sets its eyes on the stars. It's here that regional students can experience firsthand the future of space travel. The compound is complete with mock decompression chambers, space suits, living modules, greenhouses, and even a replica of the black monolith featured in the 1968 film 2001: A Space Odyssey. In an interview with Reuters, Bai Fan, CEO of the Jinchang Star Universe Culture & Tourism Investment Co., the media company that codeveloped the base, said, “A nation needs people who look up at the stars [...] we hope the bases will let them feel the spirit of space exploration, and not just experience the technology behind it.” Students are not only ones who will benefit from the C-Space Project Mars simulation base — according to Reuters, the Astronauts Center of China will eventually use the facility as an astronaut-training center for an actual journey to the red planet. Dust clouds shroud the C-Space Project Mars simulation base as a staff member poses in a mock space suit. Students leave a mock space capsule after a lesson at the C-Space Project Mars simulation base, April 17. The interior of a mock space capsule. An electric 4WD vehicle, designed to represent a vehicle used for an imagined Mars exploration, drives near the C-Space Project Mars simulation base. A staff member demonstrates how she puts on a mock space suit helmet. A staff member wearing a mock space suit steps out of the C-Space Project Mars simulation base. Sleeping capsules at the C-Space Project Mars simulation base. Fake vegetables are displayed inside the mock laboratory",science
"Living in Toronto is a bit like being the world’s most famous euchre player. It’s, like, good for you, but ultimately no one cares, because no one cares about euchre. When you live in Toronto and travel somewhere new, you often have to tolerate a few condescending signs that the person you’re speaking with has never really thought about your city before. “Toronto,” they say, pronouncing all the T’s instead of none of them at all, the way the Lord intended. “In Canada!” they follow up, as if the whole country is just a small town and there are no provinces or territories to speak of. Then they talk about their friend in Vancouver, which is a four and a half hour flight away from Toronto. I lived in Toronto for a decade, up until very recently, and I can confirm that Toronto is indeed the centre (that’s how you spell it here, I’m not going to argue with you on this, you’re in my house now) of the Canadian universe, but, you know, it’s still just the Canadian universe: slightly colder, the money is all purple, everyone is remarkably passive-aggressive. So you should forgive Toronto, and, frankly, most of the country, for getting this giddy about the Toronto Raptors advancing to the NBA Finals. In the team’s 24 years of existence, it’s never made it this far, and as the country’s only NBA team, the Raptors have made more adults burst into tears in the last few weeks than I have seen at any funeral I’ve been to in my entire life. And do you know whom we have to thank for this? For us getting this far, regardless of what happens in the next few games against the Golden State Warriors (a seemingly unbeatable team that will probably destroy us but who cares, it’s about the journey, not the destination)? Drake. We have to thank Drake. We have to, even if we don’t want to. I can’t deny that Drake has been doing The Absolute Most for nearly a full year of Raptors games. He’s yelling at other players, mocking them with his garment choices, giving the Raptors’ head coach a shoul",reader
"An evening out on the town with your friends because you just started to feel the tingly sensation of what's to come. You 100% wanted to hit up that new restaurant in the neighborhood...but not anymore. The latest episode of your favorite TV show. Now you'll have to plug your ears and stay away from literally any type of social media until you can catch up. That boxing class you booked earlier in the day when you were feeling like a million bucks. Now if you even attempt to squat, you may legit pass out. A brunch date you made with your out-of-town bestie who's visiting for a very short period. The thought of not being able to see them for another couple of months is just making your migraine worse! That big presentation at work you spent a lot of time on. Did I mention migraines sense important moments in your life and show up uninvited? Because they do! Your cousin's college graduation which, hm, only rolls around once in their lifetime. Well...let's hope they attend graduate school and then maybe you'll be able to cheer in the crowd. Your friend's birthday trip to the lake house you helped plan. While she's enjoying the weekend, you'll be sipping down water in a very dark room. A movie date with your S.O. that you already bought tickets to. They either find a friend to fill your place last-minute, or you eat the money. Greaaaaat!! The annual Black Friday shopping trip you and your mom always go HAM on. The thought of being in a crowd of people with a throbbing migraine is honestly making you nauseated. NEXT. A cooking class you and your sister booked so you could learn some basic kitchen skills and, IDK, stop heating up pre-packaged meals for once. A potluck dinner your neighbor is hosting, which would be a great opportunity to meet more people in your building and make a couple new friends. But yeah, guess that can wait. A chill night in with your pals watching sappy rom-coms and diving into all snacks salty. You had planned on bringing your famous caramel-infus",health
"A federal judge in Oregon temporarily blocked a Trump administration policy Saturday that was set to bar the entry of immigrants applying for visas who could not prove that they would be able to obtain health insurance within 30 days of entering the United States. Federal Judge Michael Simon issued a temporary restraining order that stops the administration from implementing the order as planned on Sunday. Trump’s proclamation applied to those who apply for immigrant visas abroad and do not have health insurance set up within a month after their entry or the financial means to pay for medical costs. “Today’s decision highlights the urgency of blocking this health care ban before it causes irreparable damage to our community and those we serve,” said Carmen Rubio, executive director of Latino Network, a plaintiff in the case. “We know that our fight is far from over, we will be steadfast in our work to ensure that we end family separation, ensure the dignity and rights of our community are respected, and hold this administration accountable to our nation’s constitution.” The judge is expected to hear the full merits of the case in the near future. Trump’s proclamation cited the same provision of law he used in the 2017 travel ban to block people from coming into the US from certain countries and a later ban on asylum-seekers who crossed into the country without authorization. It was set to apply to US citizens' foreign national spouses who want to live in the country. The proclamation would not impact refugees, asylees, children of US citizens abroad, those who already have been issued immigrant visas, and those who helped the US government in Afghanistan. “We applaud the court’s ruling; countless thousands across the country can breathe a sigh of relief today because the court recognized the urgent and irreparable harm that would have been inflicted in the absence of a TRO,” said Jesse Bless, an attorney on the case and director of federal litigation at the American",politics
"When Elon Musk publicly called a British cave rescuer who had insulted him a “pedo guy” last year, the billionaire entrepreneur had no evidence to back up his claims. And while he later apologized for the outburst, the Tesla Motors and SpaceX CEO went on to hire a private investigator to dig up dirt that might support his unsubstantiated accusation. BuzzFeed News has found that the self-proclaimed private investigator whom Musk hired was a convicted felon and scammer. Public records and interviews reveal that the man Musk contracted, James Howard-Higgins, stole money from his business partners and was sentenced to three years in prison for fraud. Past associates of the man described the Englishman to BuzzFeed News as a “Walter Mitty character” who repeatedly defrauded a company he cofounded despite disciplinary actions that were meant to keep him in check. Recently released court documents from a defamation case in US federal court show that Musk retained Howard-Higgins after the self-proclaimed investigator cold-emailed him offering to “dig deep” into Vernon Unsworth, a British expat who played a key role in the rescue of a boys soccer team from a Thailand cave system in July 2018. Unsworth, who had criticized Musk’s efforts to involve himself in the cave rescue, is now suing the billionaire for publicly calling him a pedophile and “child rapist,” an allegation partly based on unsubstantiated information given to him by Howard-Higgins. Musk’s failure to effectively vet a private investigator he hired and his willingness to repeat serious and unfounded allegations against Unsworth are the latest in a series of public blunders for Tesla’s CEO, whose win-at-all-costs mentality has drawn him into a number of high-profile fights with regulators, former employees, and shareholders. And it has renewed the concerns of institutional investors, some of whom have sued to keep Musk from engaging in reputationally damaging arguments on Twitter. Public company executives should ",tech
"God help us, but it looks like religion isn’t the answer to climate change. Nearly four years ago, Pope Francis released a groundbreaking letter, Laudato Si, On the Care of Our Common Home, calling on the world — and its 1.2 billion Catholics — to curb manmade global warming. “We are presently witnessing a disturbing warming of the climatic system,” said the 2015 letter, known as an encyclical. “Humanity is called to recognize the need for changes of lifestyle, production and consumption, in order to combat this warming or at least the human causes.” The Pope got to hang out with Leonardo DiCaprio, an environmentalist, and the United States Congress, where he enjoyed mixed applause as he also called for the end the death penalty, more kindness to immigrants, and better relations with Cuba. “Deniers haven’t got a prayer,” said environmental groups at the time, hoping the encyclical, along with similar statements from many religious communities, would steer the devout toward supporting environmental action on moral grounds. In hindsight, we can say that didn’t work out too well. Despite the relentless climb of global carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere from burning fossil fuels, worse wildfires, higher-powered hurricanes, widespread floods, and higher global temperatures since 2015, a mass religious movement fighting to cut emissions hasn’t manifested. “A lot of good-hearted people put a lot of effort into this, but there is no sign of religious people saving us from climate change,” sociologist Bernard Zaleha of the University of California, Santa Cruz, told BuzzFeed News. “I say this as someone who used to think, Wow, if this takes off, it could really make a difference.” Even in 2015, early opinion polls on the encyclical had mixed results. One, released five months after the Pope’s pronouncement, showed a “Francis Effect” of increased public concern about climate change. But by October 2016, an Annenberg Public Policy Center poll found no evidence of increased",science
"The day before Thanksgiving, 2000, in response to a review I’d written as pop music critic at the Chicago Sun-Times about R. Kelly’s then-current album “TP-2.Com,” I received a fax. “Robert’s problem,” the anonymous correspondent wrote, “is young girls.” The accusation had long been whispered on the local music scene, even before gossips said he married his 15-year-old protégé Aaliyah in 1994, and I initially tossed the letter in the slush pile of hate mail and press releases on the corner of my desk, eventually destined for the trash. But it gnawed at me through the long holiday weekend — the letter had too many names, dates, and details to be mere rumor — and on Monday, I began looking into the charges with the paper’s legal affairs correspondent, Abdon Pallasch. After six weeks of grinding 14-hour days, we published the first story about the man I believe is the worst abuser in the history of popular music, which is saying something, given the art form’s long and ignoble history of male stars mistreating women. For 16 years, I never stopped reporting, taking the calls and emails from victims who said Kelly had never stopped hurting young women, even after he was acquitted on charges of making child pornography in 2008. On November 2, 2016, when I received an email from a mother in Georgia, I didn’t sleep on it. At first, the story that Jonjelyn or “J.” and her husband Tim Savage told me about their daughter Joy was hard to believe: Kelly was now effectively leading a sex cult, in total control of the lives of six young women in the Atlanta suburb of Johns Creek, they said. A second set of parents, Angelo and Alice Clary, soon told me the same story about their daughter Azriel, and I confirmed the information from these parents by talking to ten more sources, all of them on the record, and many providing extensive corroborating documentation. Despite the evidence I compiled, the story about Kelly’s cult proved more difficult to publish than any in my career, and t",reader
"P.S. her birthday's coming up on June 4! With the new documentary Ask Dr. Ruth making its Hulu debut today, we had Dr. Ruth Westheimer herself drop by for a fun conversation about sex and dating! The 90-year-old sex therapist answered questions from the BuzzFeed staff about topics ranging from chronic masturbation to open-relationships. I even had the pleasure of asking her a question myself. Women typically talk about using vibrators on themselves, but what if you wanted to use one on a male partner? And let's just say, Dr. Ruth kept things cute and candid. Unless you're giving him a back massage, Dr. Ruth strongly advises AGAINST putting that vibrator anywhere else on his body. And even tough I had the perfect spot in mind, Dr. Ruth shut that idea down real quick. BUT that doesn't mean you can't use the vibrator in the bedroom with your partner...just don't use it ON him. Thanks for all the advice, Dr. Ruth! Want more? Watch our full sex and dating advice video with Dr. Ruth below. Still can't get enough of Dr. Ruth? Be sure to tune in to her new documentary, Ask Dr. Ruth, streaming on Hulu now.",health
"WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump’s team was “very happy” that WikiLeaks released emails hacked from the Democratic Party during the 2016 race, a former campaign official told investigators from the special counsel’s office. Rick Gates, who served as Trump’s deputy campaign chair, told Robert Mueller’s team last year that the release of the hacked emails “offered a mode of deflection for the campaign after a sink in polling numbers following Trump's comments about Ted Cruz's father at the end of the Republican National Convention,” according to interview summaries obtained by BuzzFeed News. Cruz, a senator from Texas, refused to endorse Trump at the convention. Afterward, Trump made a comment linking Cruz’s father to President John F. Kennedy’s killer. Gates also told investigators that the Republican National Committee had “non-public information” about the timing of the WikiLeaks releases, but “did not specify who at the RNC knew this information.” The RNC disputes this, saying it ""had no advanced knowledge"" of the releases. ""Gates has already pled guilty to lying to federal authorities. Why would anyone believe him now?"" Michael Ahrens, the RNC communications director, told BuzzFeed News on Saturday. US intelligence agencies have concluded that Russian intelligence services were behind the hack of the Democratic National Committee and passed the information on to WikiLeaks, which the CIA has labeled a “non-state hostile intelligence service.” Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks founder, announced in June 2016 that the group had an upcoming email leak related to Hillary Clinton, whose use of a private email server while secretary of state was under federal investigation at the time and who had previously deleted thousands of emails she deemed personal. But Gates, who spoke to Mueller’s team several times after agreeing to cooperate with the investigation, said the Trump campaign’s “interest in the emails was ratcheting up” before Assange’s announcement — in April and ",politics
"This article is copublished with ProPublica, a nonprofit newsroom that investigates abuses of power. Sign up for ProPublica’s Big Story newsletter to receive stories like this one in your inbox as soon as they are published. Amazon has refused a request from three US senators to disclose the names of the companies that deliver millions of packages to homes across the country, providing what one lawmaker called “evasive” responses to questions about the e-commerce giant’s network of delivery contractors. Last month, Sens. Richard Blumenthal, Elizabeth Warren, and Sherrod Brown demanded information from Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos after the company’s delivery network was the subject of investigations by BuzzFeed News and ProPublica. Those reports found that Amazon uses contractors to carry out an increasingly large share of its deliveries and that the system has led to worker abuses and jeopardized public safety. When problems arise, Amazon denies responsibility, saying it can’t be held to account for the actions of independent contractors, though the company keeps a tight grip on how the drivers do their jobs. At least 10 people have died in crashes involving Amazon delivery providers, ProPublica found. Now in a letter responding to those senators, Amazon said safety is its “top priority” and that it sets “standards that meet and often exceed legal requirements.” Amazon sent the letter late Friday; the senators shared it with BuzzFeed News and ProPublica this week. Saying he was “deeply disappointed by Amazon’s evasive response,” Sen. Blumenthal added it gives him “no confidence that the company is committed to preventing the types of tragedies chronicled by BuzzFeed and ProPublica.” “At a minimum,” Blumenthal said, “Amazon is falling far short of its responsibility to ensure its contractors are following labor laws and regulations.” The letter said Amazon runs background checks on companies that apply to deliver its packages and regularly audits its more than 800 delivery",tech
"Kim Cobb traveled to the Kiritimati coral reefs in the spring of 2016 and found, to her horror, an underwater graveyard. A climate scientist at the Georgia Institute of Technology, Cobb was alarmed to see this precious research site in the Pacific Ocean in such visible distress. The reefs were mostly dead after months of being in abnormally warm ocean waters. Then that fall Donald Trump was elected president, dashing Cobb’s hopes of the US implementing the environmental rules needed to prevent a warmer world. “It became clear after the election not only was that hope misplaced, but it was actually never going to be enough,” Cobb told BuzzFeed News. And so, she underwent a “wholesale reorganization” of her life, she said, including biking to work, rarely flying, going vegetarian, investing in expensive residential rooftop solar panels, and getting involved in her community’s new transportation plans. A growing number of scientists and activists are, like Cobb, taking dramatic personal steps to decrease their personal carbon footprint. But stopping the activities that make a real difference — flying, driving, eating meat, and having children — is for most people a big sacrifice, and even climate experts disagree about whether they have a moral imperative to do so. The camp that’s going all out includes a 400-person Facebook group called #BirthStrike, formed in December 2018, for people who have decided “not to bear children due to the severity of the ecological crisis.” And hundreds of climate scientists have vowed to scale back on flying. “I think it’s a good thing for climate messengers to ‘walk the talk,’” said Peter Kalmus, an associate project scientist at the University of California, Los Angeles, who has stopped flying altogether and created the website No Fly Climate Sci for others to publicly share why they are flying less. “It makes the message much more effective.” Other scientists point out, though, that without strict laws to curb carbon emissions, no ind",science
"The day after Booksmart debuted at the SXSW Film Festival in March, the team behind the acclaimed teen comedy appeared in a panel together to discuss the film, about two overachieving high school seniors, Molly (Beanie Feldstein) and Amy (Kaitlyn Dever), and their mad scramble to reclaim their social lives the night before graduation. Roughly 45 minutes into the hourlong panel, a woman in the audience stepped up to a microphone and asked about how the filmmakers approached Amy’s queerness. “For somebody who identifies as gay, and has seen a bunch of gay and lesbian roles onscreen, I really have to applaud you guys,” she said. “You guys, like, nailed it — making it so realistic for girls that age. … How did you do it?” Wilde answered by saying she wanted to treat Amy’s sexuality the way she thought her peers would: by making it “a nonissue,” a sentiment that screenwriter Katie Silberman then echoed. “Our friends who identify as queer, it’s like the fifth thing you would mention about them, if not the 15th,” Silberman said. Then Feldstein spoke up. “It was really meaningful for me to watch the film,” she said. “My partner’s a woman.” Feldstein spoke these words with such matter-of-fact composure that one could be forgiven for not realizing that she had, in fact, just publicly come out. The 25-year-old actor, whose career exploded in 2017 as Saoirse Ronan’s BFF in Lady Bird, explained how moved she was during Amy’s climactic love scene in the film, especially because Wilde and Silberman chose to emphasize the human, awkward moments often cut out of teen love scenes, like the clumsy struggle it is just to take off your own pants. “Representation is really important,” Feldstein said. “I think if I could have seen our film earlier, I think I maybe would have found myself a bit sooner.” No one onstage remarked on Feldstein’s nonchalant revelation, but the moment was not lost on other women panelists. “I was really proud of her,” Wilde told BuzzFeed News last month before B",reader
All images via Getty,health
"WASHINGTON — In his July 2019 call with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky, President Donald Trump referenced a conspiracy theory that Ukraine was involved in hacking the Democratic National Committee in 2016 and asked for the “favor” of help investigating it. Trump’s own campaign was floating the theory that Ukraine, and not Russia, hacked the DNC as early as the summer of 2016, according to new documents obtained by BuzzFeed News from special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation. Three years later, Trump’s call with Zelensky, where he also asked for help finding damaging information about Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden and Biden’s family, is at the heart of Democrats’ impeachment inquiry. In an April 2018 interview with Mueller’s office, Rick Gates — who had served as Trump’s deputy campaign chair in 2016 and was the longtime right-hand man of former campaign chair Paul Manafort — told investigators that sometime after the campaign learned in June 2016 that WikiLeaks had the hacked DNC emails, Manafort had said that the hack was “likely carried by the Ukrainians, not the Russians,” according to FBI notes. The idea that Ukraine, and not Russia, was involved in stealing emails from the DNC that were released by WikiLeaks in 2016 has long percolated in conservative circles and been pushed by Russian news outlets. It contradicts the US Intelligence Community’s own findings that Russia was involved in hacking the DNC and orchestrating the release of documents through WikiLeaks. In a written memorandum of the July 2019 call released by the White House, Trump at one point says to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, “I would like you to find out what happened with this whole situation with Ukraine, they say CrowdStrike… I guess you have one of your wealthy people… The server, they say Ukraine has it.” Trump’s mention of “CrowdStrike” was a likely reference to the private security company that the DNC hired to investigate the hack. Trump asked Zelens",politics
"Attorney General Bill Barr, along with officials from the United Kingdom and Australia, is set to publish an open letter to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg asking the company to delay plans for end-to-end encryption across its messaging services until it can guarantee the added privacy does not reduce public safety. A draft of the letter, dated Oct. 4, is set to be released alongside the announcement of a new data-sharing agreement between law enforcement in the US and the UK; it was obtained by BuzzFeed News ahead of its publication. Signed by Barr, UK Home Secretary Priti Patel, acting US Homeland Security Secretary Kevin McAleenan, and Australian Minister for Home Affairs Peter Dutton, the letter raises concerns that Facebook’s plan to build end-to-end encryption into its messaging apps will prevent law enforcement agencies from finding illegal activity conducted through Facebook, including child sexual exploitation, terrorism, and election meddling. ""Security enhancements to the virtual world should not make us more vulnerable in the physical world,"" the letter reads. ""Companies should not deliberately design their systems to preclude any form of access to content, even for preventing or investigating the most serious crimes."" The letter calls on Facebook to prioritize public safety in designing its encryption by enabling law enforcement to gain access to illegal content in a manageable format and by consulting with governments ahead of time to ensure the changes will allow this access. While the letter acknowledges that Facebook — which owns Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, and Instagram — captures 99% of child exploitation and terrorism-related content through its own systems, it also notes that ""mere numbers cannot capture the significance of the harm to children."" ""Risks to public safety from Facebook’s proposals are exacerbated in the context of a single platform that would combine inaccessible messaging services with open profiles, providing unique routes for pr",tech
"For some, climate change can be an abstract concept — for artist and photographer Robert Dash, it's what informs his creative vision. As a teacher for the last 25 years in the fields of biology, environmental studies, and photography, it's at the intersection of art and nature where Dash uncovers stunning beauty that often goes overlooked by the human eye. Dash's work employs the use of a scanning electron microscope, which is able to photograph details too microscopic for the naked eye. With this tool, Dash captures hypnotic patterns deep within the nature that surrounds us, while at times capturing the very real effects of climate change on a microscopic scale. Through digital collages, Dash draws parallels between those parts of nature that are both visible and unseen. Here, Robert Dash shares with BuzzFeed News a selection of his hypnotic works as well as the concepts behind the images. After decades of travel and work, my dream was to travel as far as possible with my camera and pen while studying one small space. Remarkably, I was welcomed to use a scanning electron microscope (SEM) at the nearby Friday Harbor marine biology laboratories at the University of Washington. My process of working begins with a fascination with natural patterns and textures. I work with images that totally shock me at first sight. I want viewers to feel the same thrill I felt when I viewed a certain leaf, feather, or pollen grain. I then use my DSLR camera to photograph the life-size version of the micrograph’s source — a barnacle, flower, or leaf, for instance. Each image suggests its own composition, although I mess around for a while, sometimes months, until the image “works.” I’m looking for compositional and metaphoric relationships between the life-size object and the microscopic parts of itself. I continue by researching the role of this species in the biosphere, and how it is impacted by environmental stress. If all of these elements make if through the filters of beauty, in",science
"It's impossible not to fall in love with Azalea ""Knot"" Centre, the star of In West Mills, whom we meet as a hotheaded 27-year-old bachelorette in North Carolina in 1941. Her boyfriend keeps proposing, and her well-meaning neighbor Otis Lee begs her to accept, but Knot is more interested in working, drinking, and enjoying her own company. Knot's sense of independence and identity is rattled, though, when a hookup leads to a baby she doesn't want — and the aftermath resonates for decades. In West Mills follows Knot, Otis Lee, their families, friends, and neighbors, from 1941 to 1987, exploring the bonds of friendship, the weight of secrets, and all the sacrifices we make in our attempts to live a self-determined life. Get it from Amazon for $17.10, from Barnes & Noble for $18.20, or find it at an independent bookstore or your local library. Oh man, I love this book — so utterly crass, surprisingly tender, laugh-out-loud funny, and deliciously strange. It's a climate change cautionary tale in the form of a zombie story, narrated by a domesticated pet crow who's learned to speak English and who you'll wish were your best friend. S.T. — short for Shit Turd, which will give you a sense of his general vocabulary and demeanor — is an outcast within the animal kingdom, favoring mankind and its culture, which he's gleaned from his antisocial, quasi-deadbeat owner, Big Jim. When Big Jim suddenly starts acting strange (his eye falls out and he doesn't seem bothered; he won't stop scratching at the walls), S.T. realizes it's up to him to save not only Big Jim but also humanity as a whole — and to convince the rest of the natural world that they're worth saving. It's a joy to read. Get it from Amazon for $15.66, from Barnes & Noble for $18.90, or find it at an independent bookstore or your local library. A Pure Heart tells the story of sisters Rose and Gameela Gubran, the former an Egyptologist living in New York City with her white journalist husband, the latter a devout Muslim ",reader
"Speaking to Self in 2018, Sarah revealed that she contemplated killing herself after the first kidney transplant failed. She said: ""I was very depressed. When a family member gives you a second chance at life, and it fails, it almost feels like it's your fault. It's not. But it does. For a long time, I was contemplating suicide, because I didn't want to fail my little brother like I failed my dad."" She's even given the bloated area on her stomach a nickname — her ""KUPA"", standing for ""kidney upper pussy area"". Speaking in 2018, Sarah explained: ""It's this bittersweet moment of 'Oh my gosh, I have a new life!' but then also being an actress and being held up to this sort of pedestal of how you're supposed to look. Sometimes I have complete meltdowns in the middle of fittings, being like 'KUPA will show.'"" She may be one of the most famous actors in the world thanks to her role in Modern Family, but Sarah Hyland is also known for being incredibly open and honest about her health issues over the years. As well as endometriosis, Sarah also has kidney dysplasia — a condition which has resulted in her having 16 surgeries over her lifetime, including two kidney transplants — one from her father in 2012, and another from her brother in 2017 after her body rejected the first. Sarah has also spoken at length about the lasting effects of surgery on her body — in particular, the abdominal swelling caused by her new kidney connecting to the old ones. Well, Sarah has now made the brave decision to share a photo of her stomach, revealing the scars from her surgery. Taking to Instagram, Sarah posted this photo of herself — wearing some special underwear gifted from The Ellen Show — in which her scars were visible. In the caption, which also referenced Ellen DeGeneres' recent claims that Jennifer Aniston is her best friend, Sarah used the hashtag #ShowYourScars in celebration of her own. And people immediately began praising Sarah for being so candid. Many shared their own experienc",health
"Beto O'Rourke, who began this year as one of the Democratic Party's stars, has ended his presidential campaign. ""Though it is difficult to accept, it is clear to me now that this campaign does not have the means to move forward successfully,"" he wrote in a Medium post published Friday. O'Rourke announced the end of his campaign just hours before he was expected to speak at the Liberty and Justice Celebration dinner Friday night in Des Moines. His supporters had been up since 5 a.m., lining the sidewalks outside the arena where the dinner was to take place with hundreds of his trademark black signs. O'Rourke addressed his campaign's volunteers — many of whom were in shock and crying — in front of 7-foot-high letters that read ""No Fear."" ""My service will not be as a candidate or a nominee for this party,"" he told them. ""I love you all."" Peggy Crowe, who came to Des Moines from Asheville, North Carolina, for the event, told BuzzFeed News: ""I've never been in politics before. Because of him, I felt hope. I'm a better person because of him, directly because of him."" O'Rourke became a national political celebrity on the left after his unsuccessful 2018 Senate race in Texas against Ted Cruz, pushing him to quickly move from a former member of Congress to a top presidential prospect. He spent much of the winter after his closer-than-expected Senate defeat slowly moving toward a presidential campaign, first with a road trip he documented on Medium and later with a splashy interview with Oprah Winfrey. His entrance into the race was made with a Vanity Fair cover story, which included a portrait shot by Annie Leibovitz. But his campaign struggled to gain traction into the spring and summer. He was criticized early on for not having a clear enough purpose for his campaign, or a set of policies that set him apart from the large pool of candidates. Late this summer, after a mass shooting in his hometown of El Paso, O'Rourke refocused his campaign on ending gun violence, pushing f",politics
"Instagram has launched a new standalone app called Threads today that allows quick image and video messaging to your close friends list. The company is pitching the app to people who want to send pictures of themselves or what’s going on in their day to their friends…all day long. This may not be you, it may not be me, but, well, it’s plenty of people. Teens. Probably teens, right? A one-on-one messaging app for close friends on Instagram fits very nicely with the vision Mark Zuckerberg unveiled this spring for a privacy-focused version of the internet with private messaging as a centerpiece. Threads also is a direct competitor to what Snapchat has been uniquely successful at: private messaging for young people who want to send photos back and forth all day. Even the name “threads” feels like a swipe at Snapchat’s “streaks” (where you and a friend message back and forth unbroken days in a row). Here’s how Threads works: When you open Threads, you’ll see the people in your close friends list (Instagram rolled out ""close friends"" last year so that you could post stories to just a select few people). You can only use Threads with people in your close friends list. If someone hasn’t added you back as a close friend, your message will still get sent to them, but it’ll appear in their regular Instagram DMs, not their Threads app. If your friend hasn’t downloaded Threads, your message will just show up in regular DMs. The camera lacks some of the bells and whistles of Instagram stories — no fun face filters in the selfie-mode camera, for example. You just take a picture — here’s my bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich! — and send to one account or a group.  A feature on Threads that doesn’t exist on regular Instagram DMs is a status message. You can set your own status message as an emoji, or if you’re feeling wild, try the automatic status. The automatic status uses map information to put up a status if you’re, for example, at a café, the gym, driving in a car, or at home. It ",tech
"Late last August — a few days before a backpacking trip — my friend Ashley texted me in a group chat: “Wudan, do you have enough N95 masks for everyone on this Enchantments trip? Keeping an eye on the smoke forecast.” Ashley had scored a coveted permit to camp in the Enchantments, an area in the east-central Cascades of Washington state. Studded with sparkling, high-elevation alpine lakes and rugged, foreboding granite peaks, it’s one of the most regulated regions for backpacking in Washington. The only way to get a permit to camp in the area in advance is through a lottery (you can also get permits the day of), and last year, 21,605 people entered in mid-February, vying to win one of the 3,027 spots. She asked me if I had N95s — face mask respirators that filter out dust and airborne particles — because I frequently visit cities in Asia that have heavy pollution and I often order them in bulk. And while there hadn’t been much need to bring N95s on summer backpacking trips before, we were anticipating smoke and ash from wildfires that were ravaging the western United States. I said I didn’t have any left, and our friend Jane piped in. “Any clue where to get these in town? The smoke is really getting to me today and imagine it will not be better going up Aasgard.” Aasgard Pass is a section of the Enchantments that gains about 2,200 feet in 0.8 miles — which means hikers need all the unadulterated, oxygenated air they can get. Most stores in Seattle were sold out. The closest Home Depot with N95s in stock was in Issaquah, a town about 20 minutes outside the city. In the days leading up to our backpacking trip, ash was falling from the sky and the blood orange sun looked apocalyptic. It wasn’t always like this. I’ve lived in Seattle for about three years, but the smoke from wildfires has only been noticeable the last two summers. One of the major draws of moving here was the access to the outdoors: Drive a few hours in almost any direction and you’ll soon be in the tra",science
"For most millennials I know, the American dream of homeownership doesn’t just feel far away, but impossible. Especially if you live in an urban area, if your own parents didn’t own a home, if you’re saddled with student debt — it doesn’t matter if a mortgage payment might be equal to what you’re paying in rent when you’re struggling month to month, barely putting enough aside to save for an emergency, let alone a down payment. And it doesn’t just feel like fewer of us are buying homes. Statistics bear it out: According to a 2018 report from the Urban Institute, as of 2015, the homeownership rate for millennials (then age 25 to 34) was around 37% — that’s 8 points lower than the percentage of Gen X’ers or boomers at the same point in their lives. According to the study, there are multiple, intersecting reasons for this, all of which will likely sound familiar to millennials shut out of the market: We’re getting married and having kids later; we have far more student debt; and many of us are drawn (by necessity or choice) to urban areas with “inelastic housing supplies,” where both home prices and rental costs have skyrocketed. When I lived in Brooklyn, I’d gaze at the prices for a studio apartment in my neighborhood (between $700,000 and $1 million) or a brownstone ($2 million to $5 million) and wonder: Who could ever make this happen? Rich people, sure. But people tend to get rich, at least in part, by owning real estate. To get there, you need a down payment. And if you’re putting your extra money toward child care, or loans, or medical bills — how do you come up with that down payment? And how do you find a home you can actually afford? Homeownership, like other forms of participation in the American dream, increasingly resembles an exclusive country club, with membership predicated on who your parents are and your race. To wit: A millennial’s likelihood of owning a home increases 9% if their own parents were also homeowners. While 39.5% of white millennials own h",reader
"Tiffany Stevenson recently took to Twitter to share an experience she witnessed at Starbucks: She continued the story in another tweet: And then explained that she got so angry, she had to step in: Moms on Twitter were fuming. And they also started sharing the fact that women limit their caffeine during pregnancy. Some moms had personally experienced similar situations. Some men even came to defend the moms. In short, moms would just like to say to the world, ""Stop 'WOMB BOTHERING'!"" And mind your own business! BuzzFeed has reached out to Tiffany Stevenson for comment.",health
"A lawyer for Igor Fruman, one of the men who had been working with Rudy Guiliani in his Ukraine campaign, tried to argue Friday that his client was not a flight risk and didn’t need to be under house arrest, despite the fact that he had been arrested just before boarding a flight overseas on a one-way ticket last month. “I’m not exactly sure what your ask is here,” Judge Paul Oetken said to Todd Blanche, the lawyer for Fruman. Blanche sighed and looked down. He was at a hearing at the US District Court for the Southern District of New York Friday, in which he was attempting to petition for modifications to Fruman’s bail agreement: house arrest, a GPS tracker, and a $1 million bond. It was not going well. Blanche called the allegations that Fruman was “fleeing the country"" when he was arrested Oct. 9 on the jetway at Dulles International Airport outside of Washington, DC, ""completely false"": ""There is zero evidence,” Blanche told the court. “It’s false that he had a one-way ticket?” Oetken aksed. “No, that is absolutely true,” Blanche responded. It was just cheaper for Fruman and his business partner, Lev Parnas, to get one-way tickets, Blanche said. The one-way ticket to Vienna was $8,000, while the round-trip was $20,000, he said, adding that he had texts from the date of purchase showing that a one-way was cheaper. Fruman and Parnas have been indicted on four counts of campaign finance violations, including using “straw” accounts and businesses to use the money of an unnamed Russian businessperson to influence US politicians. They also played a key role in a campaign to oust the former US ambassador to Ukraine and dig up dirt on former vice president Joe Biden for President Donald Trump. In early October, Congress asked Fruman and Parnas to testify for the ongoing impeachment inquiry into Trump over his statements to the president of Ukraine. Two days later, the two men were arrested as they were about to board a plane at Dulles. They both had one-way tickets to V",politics
"Microsoft announced a slew of new devices at an event in Manhattan on Wednesday, including the Surface Laptop 3, the Surface Pro 7, new Surface Bluetooth headphones integrated with Microsoft Office, and the Surface Pro X.But the real highlights were two dual-screen tablets called the Surface Neo and Surface Duo that won't be released until next year, which Microsoft's Chief Product Officer Panos Panay teased.The first is called the Surface Neo, a foldable dual-screen tablet that supports a keyboard and smart pen. Weighing 655 grams, it will be the company's thinnest LCD ever. It will run on Windows 10X optimized for dual screens and allow multiple apps open across the two screens or ""spanning,"" where a user can stretch out an application across both screens. Panay also showed off a smaller dual-screen smartphone-tablet hybrid called the Surface Duo, which will work with apps in the Android ecosystem as well as Surface apps. Panay said they were both announced early to give developers time to make dual-screen apps. The show Wednesday opened with cheers from a special section of the audience specifically for ""Surface fans"" — devotees of the Microsoft Surface tablet — and a greeting from Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. ""We started this journey seven years ago with the launch of Surface,"" Nadella said. ""We wanted to put people at the center of every device experience."" The theme of Wednesday's event was creativity.""If the last decade was focused on consumption,"" Nadella said. ""We believe that the next decade will be about creation and amplifying what we can do as humans.""Panay likened the new devices to instruments. ""Each of us, we need the right device,"" he said. ""So when all the pieces line up you can stop thinking.""The new Surface Laptop 3 comes in a 13.5-inch screen model for $999 and a 15-inch version for $1,199. It's two times faster than the Surface 2 and three times more powerful than a MacBook Air.The Surface Pro 7 has a slew of features to allow a seamless transi",tech
"A controversial study claiming that some teens abruptly decide to change genders due to peer pressure was deeply flawed, according to a scathing new scientific critique. The original 2018 study used a new term — “rapid-onset gender dysphoria,” or ROGD — to describe certain young adults, typically those assigned female at birth, who develop gender dysphoria due to “social and peer contagion.” The paper has been widely cited, particularly in conservative media, to cast doubt on many gender-nonconforming people’s experiences by framing trans identification as a trend, phase, or disease. But scientific critics and trans advocates have long criticized the methods chosen by the paper’s author, Lisa Littman of Brown University. Within a week of its publication in August 2018, PLOS One, the journal in which the study appeared, announced that it would seek “further expert assessment on the study’s methodology and analyses,” citing reader concerns. This, in turn, prompted Brown to remove a press release touting its findings. Just last month, PLOS One published a correction and an apology, while also noting that the study’s results were largely unchanged. Arjee Restar, a trans researcher in the same department as Littman at Brown, told BuzzFeed News that even in the corrected version of the study, “the methods remain unchanged, flawed, and below scientific standards.” Frustrated by how the work was handled by the journal and her own institution, Restar, a trans graduate student at Brown’s School of Public Health, wrote the new critique, the most thorough and damning description of the research to date. Restar’s study, published today in the Archives of Sexual Behavior, points to several methodological problems, such as relying on survey responses from parents who had visited sites promoting anti-trans views, and biasing their responses with the wording of the study’s consent forms. Littman’s approach, Restar contends, pathologizes trans people. “It’s important to use methods a",science
"When she found out she was pregnant, Sam Blakely balled up her shower curtain, bit down, and screamed. “There were so many emotions: Overwhelming devastation, anguish, terror, despair,” the 25-year-old said. “And I didn’t tell anyone about it except my rapist. I didn’t feel like I could.” A few weeks before taking her first pregnancy test, a friend whom Blakely now refers to as a coworker “because friends don’t rape you” sexually assaulted her in her own apartment. She stayed in the same clothes for three days. Raised in Eclectic, Alabama, by devout Christian parents who taught her to not look boys in the eyes a certain way or wear revealing clothing, she couldn’t tell her family. Then, she missed her period. “I googled a lot of dangerous things: tea from China that would induce labor, some sort of pills, natural remedies I looked up and considered,” she said. “There’s so many things I didn’t know as a young black woman in Alabama. We are given no information and there are so many barriers and obstacles to get an abortion, and I believe that is on purpose.” At the time, Blakely was 23, fresh out of college, saddled with student loan debt, and trying to budget for groceries. Raising a kid seemed impossible. Giving birth to the child of the man who raped her “was a death sentence.” After three frantic days, she learned there was one clinic close to her in Montgomery, but she had no idea she would have to find $600 to pay for the procedure up front, sit for hours in the crowded waiting room for her first appointment, undergo mandatory counseling, wait 48 hours, and then come back. “I had to call in sick from work, have an ultrasound, and follow all these rules,” Blakely said. “It was traumatic.” In 2017, five clinics performed abortions in Alabama, down from about 20 in the 1990s. There are now three strung across the state in a wide triangle and shouldering an increasingly heavy patient load as the South continues to solidify its position as one of the largest abortio",reader
"—faiths4d06bda59 —channingt —lizziej45546795d —indiaj42a96a123 —laurenb4b2089220 —secretsecret —relley —laurab4dc4fd1bc —frozenbanana —larryt438ddf81f —brookelaurenl —sunshineginger —laceyk4b42c790b —stefanian3 —erikap4ed12eccf —hannahr43f9a623b ""He always says no, but for some reason I feel compelled to ask."" —victoriaf4f2309550 —aubreyb40c821872 —macyb4a73195d6 —rebekahjordanr —arianai41e5ffe84 —staceyr41d390dfe —ramiimani —danielles4773f914a ""If I don't win anything in a while, I will straight up offer him money or a blowjob to let me squeeze his pores. I need help."" —dagmarmariab —k_supreeze We asked the couples of the BuzzFeed Community to tell us the grossest things they secretly do. Here are the funny, weird, and wild results. ""My husband and I weigh ourselves before and after we poop to compare who had the biggest poop and claim victory. I don’t know what victory does, but we just walk around feeling really good about our big turds."" ""My boyfriend and I love Sour Patch Kids, but I’m a real wuss when it comes to the sour part. He puts the candy in his mouth and sucks off all the sour stuff, and then I will eat the sweet part."" ""My boyfriend is super hairy, and every month or so he gets me to take close-up pictures of his butthole to see how hairy it is."" ""Sometimes I’ll show my fiancé the massive amount of blood that pools in the toilet during my period."" ""I LOVE popping my boyfriend's pimples, but he hardly gets them anywhere other than his butt. We’ve gotten to the point where he just pulls down his pants and lets me go to town."" ""My husband has picked something out of my teeth and eaten it before."" ""During and after my pregnancy, my boyfriend helped me poop when I was constipated. He also put hemorrhoid cream on my anus and checked to see if my hemorrhoids were getting better."" ""I have veneers on my teeth, so I’m not supposed to take bites out of whole apples. Sometimes if we're out and don't have a knife, my husband will take a bite, spit it out in his ha",health
"WASHINGTON — Lawyers for House Democrats appeared in court Thursday to implore a judge to enforce a subpoena for testimony about “key events” relevant to Democrats’ impeachment investigation — but not the ones that might immediately come to mind. There was no talk of Rudy Giuliani or Trump’s July call with the Ukrainian president. Instead, the judge heard how Democrats needed former White House counsel Don McGahn to testify about events that happened months or even years ago involving former officials with no apparent connection to the Ukraine-related inquiry: Remember former attorney general Jeff Sessions? Or former national security adviser Michael Flynn? Or former FBI director James Comey? It wasn’t the only case related to former special counsel Robert Mueller’s long-finished investigation to recently come to a head in court. Just one week ago, another judge ruled that the Justice Department had to turn over previously undisclosed Mueller grand jury materials to House Democrats. Mueller is having a moment. Thanks to how slowly cases can move through the courts, legal fights that came out of the special counsel’s investigation are just now being argued and could have bearing on the impeachment inquiry that is largely disconnected from his work. Mueller’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election has little to do with whether Trump was involved in arranging a quid pro quo with Ukraine this year, which is what Democrats are focused on, but these cases raise core legal questions about Congress’s power to investigate the executive branch that have made them early proxy skirmishes in the larger impeachment war. Other elements of the Mueller probe are having a strange second life now, too. During Trump’s July call with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky, the president’s fixation on undermining Mueller’s long-finished work reared its head. Before asking Zelensky for help investigating current political rival Joe Biden, he asked for the “favor” of ",politics
"The news Tuesday that Mark Zuckerberg is preparing to fight Sen. Elizabeth Warren's policies has returned the spotlight to an uncomfortable fact about Facebook’s scale and power: Its actions could help determine whether Warren, Donald Trump, or someone else is sworn into office in January 2021. Facebook’s power to promote or block stories, lies, and personalities has been a central story over the last four years. But its greatest proven power in elections is more concrete: Facebook has shown that it can, with a campaign inside the service, drive its users to the polls. That’s because while Facebook’s cheerful, and scientifically proven, “I Voted” button seems neutral, it isn’t turning out a cross section of Americans. It’s turning out a cross section of people who use Facebook. And as Facebook’s user base morphs into the Trump coalition — older, less-educated, and more Republican — the platform's get-out-the-vote efforts could become a powerful element of the president's reelection campaign, one that could tip the vote in battleground states in the general election. “You cannot participate in politics one way or the other without making a political statement,” said Harper Reed, the chief technology officer for Obama's 2012 presidential campaign. A Facebook spokesperson declined to comment on whether the platform would run a get-out-the-vote campaign targeting its users in 2020 or to disclose the volume of any planned campaign. The spokesperson, who declined to be named, said, “Facebook provides people with accurate and nonpartisan information about how to register and participate in upcoming elections as part of our defenses against interference from bad actors.” Facebook’s role in the 2020 election has come under fire from Democrats recently. After the site’s vice president of global affairs, Nick Clegg, reaffirmed that politicians like Trump would not be subject to its fact-checking policies, Democratic National Committee CEO Seema Nanda claimed on CNN on Tuesday ",tech
"This March was the warmest on record in Alaska. For communities that depend on ice for everything from getting their supplies trucked in to their leisure activities, that’s posed serious problems. And for Jan and Amber Westlake, a couple in their thirties from the village of Noatak, and their 11-year-old niece Alexandria Howarth, it led to disaster. At 1:08 a.m. local time on April 15, the Alaska State Troopers received a call from the local search and rescue coordinator. A snowmobile ridden by Amber and Alexandria had gone through the ice on the Noatak River, a few miles south of the village. Jan reportedly died trying to save his wife and niece. This tragedy, one of several similar incidents in the past few weeks, was part of a wider pattern of disruption, as ice roads on frozen rivers that in winter serve as the main transport arteries for the state’s remote communities have started to melt weeks ahead of schedule. Native Alaskan seal hunters have been unable to take to the sea ice. Sled dog races have been canceled for a lack a snow. “This winter, particularly in February and March, Alaska hit what I would call the unlucky jackpot,” Brian Brettschneider, a climate scientist at the University of Alaska Fairbanks’s International Arctic Research Center, told BuzzFeed News. The Arctic as a whole has been unusually warm, he added, “but the center of the bull's-eye was over Alaska.” We often think of climate change as a distant threat — something for future generations to worry about. But as the map above shows, almost everywhere on the planet has warmed noticeably since the middle of last century. Click on the map or use the search box to see how global warming has affected that location. Search for Noatak, and you’ll see that its location in northwest Alaska is one of the fastest-warming places on Earth. The regions swathed in red and deep orange show that the planet’s far North has borne the brunt of global warming. And in places where an increase in temperature ju",science
"In 2000, I taught myself basic HTML coding so I could design a private chatroom to use with Tom, a fortysomething-year-old man who liked skiing and listened to the Fine Young Cannibals. I built us a room with a tiled background image of purple velvet curtains and a quiet Fiona Apple loop playing in the background, and gave him the URL so only he and I could access it. I told him I was in my late twenties, but I was 12. I spent a lot of my adolescence talking to older men on the internet. It started off as an activity at sleepovers. My girlfriends and I would flit through AOL chatrooms, meeting guys (A/S/L: 19/f/Florida; we thought Florida was an exotic place to be from). Our early games were about how far we could push our weirdness before the guy would get fed up and block us: “Do you have oranges in your house, baby? Would you make some OJ for me and feed it through the floppy disk drive? That would be so hot.” Over time, I began exploring on my own and talking one on one with guys, where things got more serious. I decided identifying myself as a teenager was not convincing (everyone on the internet said they were a teenager), so I said I was 27. And that was how I knew — or at least, I assumed — that these were not guys who were interested in me because I was underage. I worked hard at plausibility; I created fictional coworkers cobbled together from my teachers and classmates and did internet research and consulted my brother’s Dilbert books about what it would be like to work in an office. I complained about working in a cubicle instead of an office with a door, and they commiserated. In those days it was rare to have a webcam; you could believably say you didn’t have a photo of yourself online and had no way of putting one there. Writing all of this makes me feel as old as a desiccated bog mummy, but it’s important to mention because the internet used to be completely different. Back then, there were no search results for me, no social media profiles. It was e",reader
"Note: Some submissions are also from this Reddit thread. One guy came in with a mayonnaise jar stuck up his rectum, with the mouth of the jar facing in. He had to go to the operating room where the surgeon had to glue a rod to the base of the jar and wait for it to set before pulling it out. The guy said he ""did it on a bet."" —Clamdilicus One night my friend was in the ER, and a lady came in complaining about leg pains. The woman had a cast on the leg because it had been broken, so they decided to cut the cast off to get a closer look. Apparently the woman's leg had been in the cast for over a year, and for some reason she kept it on. When they took the cast off, they saw maggots eating away at her exposed bone. —awesomeHP I'm a dentist, but sometimes I have to go downstairs to the ER if someone gets an extreme injury with their mouth and really messes up their teeth. Well, one guy got chainsawed through his face, and they wanted me to make sure the broken teeth wouldn't be a problem and prevent him from going to the operating room. Apparently the man was cutting through a log, and it kicked back right at him. It tore up the skin really badly but just bounced off the bone, which was so lucky. It could have done MUCH worse damage than it did. —mdp300 I worked in a hospital for a very long time, and one of the nurses told me about the time when she had a patient come in complaining of vaginal pain. When they did a pelvic exam, there were roaches in her vagina. It's the worst thing I've ever heard in my life, and if I had seen it I would have been scarred for life. —mimurphy I have a friend who's a radiologist, and she had an elderly gentleman come in with a screwdriver stuck in his urethra (pee hole) because he couldn't relieve himself and was trying to get it out. —nik2995 My mom was working in the ER. A guy who’d been in a motorcycle accident was brought in, unconscious, with his legs detached and laying across his chest. —darthbiscuit80 My friend is an EMT and she ",health
"WASHINGTON — Current and former senior advisers to President Donald Trump are immune from being forced to testify in Congress, the Justice Department told a judge on Thursday — after arguing that the courts shouldn’t be involved in this kind of fight between the White House and Congress in the first place. The case involves a subpoena from the House Judiciary Committee to former White House counsel Don McGahn. It predates House Democrats’ formal announcement of an impeachment inquiry into Trump, but represents the first test in court since Trump took office of an argument the administration is pushing to stymie the impeachment inquiry: that current and former senior White House officials have “absolute immunity” from congressional subpoenas. Democrats wanted McGahn to testify about former special counsel Robert Mueller’s final report; McGahn left the White House in October 2018, long before the events this year surrounding Trump’s communications with Ukraine. But the investigation into whether Trump was involved in a quid pro quo with the Ukrainian government — withholding US financial aide in exchange for help investigating Joe Biden and undermining the Mueller investigation — loomed over arguments on Thursday. Over nearly four hours of arguments, US District Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson repeatedly expressed skepticism as Justice Department lawyer James Burnham argued that the courts lacked authority to intervene in a fight over congressional demands for information. Like the immunity argument, the role of the courts also bears on Democrats’ impeachment inquiry — there’s already one lawsuit filed by a potential impeachment witness asking a judge to decide if he has to comply with a subpoena or go with the White House’s claim of immunity. “So what does checks and balances mean?” Jackson asked. “How can the legislature actually exercise oversight with respect to the executive unless it has some ability to enforce its inquiries, its commandments with respect to ‘give m",politics
"If you’ve never bought a GoPro before, will the new Hero 8 Black model, out Oct. 20, be the one that finally sways you to spend $400 on a durable camera to capture your most exciting moments on the go? Probably not, if you ask me. But let’s back up a step — I am perhaps the worst person to review the new GoPro. I’ve never taken a helicopter up the face of a mountain in Alaska to snowboard down an “avalanche wall.” I’ve never been surprised by a great white shark alone on my longboard. Sending me on this “Spring Break Party Cruise” would be like sending me to hell, but worse, because I’d have to take videos of it. My idea of an action sport is sitting very quietly in meditation on a yoga mat while my guru whispers affirmations. It’s very relaxing, but there’s not a lot of photo opportunities in inner peace. In other words, I am not the textbook GoPro user. But I’ve always wanted to try one. The video looks crisp. People look like they're having fun. Who wouldn’t want that? So I was excited to try it out. I was really curious if I, a brisk walker at best, could find some use for the best action sports camera on the market. Let’s run through the features. The camera sports a 12-megapixel camera, the same as the Hero 7 Black (and as Apple’s iPhone 11) and shoots footage at 100 megabits per second. Like last year’s model, it’s waterproof to 33 feet and comes with voice control, 8x slow-motion filming, GPS, and stereo audio recording. What all this means is that if you are knocked off a whale-watching cruise while filming, you will still capture clear, sharp footage and sound — assuming you fall no more than 33 feet into the water. The big changes from previous GoPros are what the company bills as HyperSmooth 2.0 — image stabilization across all levels of resolution and frame rates, a one-tap slow-motion filming mode, and LiveBurst, a camera mode which allows you to take a 3-second videos or the best frame from the series as a photo — which, if you’re like me, a scrub at ",tech
"SAN FRANCISCO — Some Google employees are alarmed they weren’t told sooner that a colleague with measles had walked around buildings at their Silicon Valley headquarters — including a campus restaurant — two weeks ago, according to internal forum posts seen by BuzzFeed News. Many are discussing how to protect themselves and their families and to what degree they may be at risk of the highly contagious virus after finding out that the unidentified person spent time in a Mountain View office building April 4. A select group of employees learned about the incident more than a week later, on April 13, when a company doctor emailed them about the infected “Googler,” as BuzzFeed News first reported on Wednesday. Sometime on Tuesday, a warning flyer went up at the restaurant. For many other employees, though, the news report was the first time they’d heard about the potential health risk at their campus, where thousands work, as no wider message went out until Thursday. Some were left annoyed that their employer hadn’t sounded the alarm faster and more widely. “A bit upsetting that I had to find out about this through this Group, via a BuzzFeed News article, rather than from some official Google internal comms,” one Googler wrote on a company discussion board. On Thursday morning, the staff doctor sent a message to multiple internal groups of employees, reassuring them that they were safe while acknowledging that his communication had been “slow.” BuzzFeed News has learned that not only did the potentially infected person visit the office at 1295 Charleston Road, they also hung out in the on-campus Fish Food café, a five-minute walk away. It’s not clear how busy the restaurant, which serves up mussels, grilled fish, and other fare at no charge, may have been at the time, but Google famously plies workers with free meals to keep them on the campus. A public health notice now inside the restaurant informs customers that “a person who may have been contagious with measles” wa",science
"In the opening scenes of Rocketman, the new Elton John biopic directed by Dexter Fletcher, John (played by Taron Egerton) abruptly rushes out of a big concert and bursts into a rehab meeting in full sequined regalia. “I know how this bit goes,” he says, confessing to a laundry list of demons, ranging from drug abuse to excessive shopping. The “bit” he’s referring to is the script of recovery programs. But he might as well be talking about the well-worn rock star biopic formula, which in recent years is expanding — finally — to include gay men. The unprecedented success of last year’s Queen movie Bohemian Rhapsody, now the most profitable biopic in history, seemed to whet the music industry’s — and Hollywood’s — appetites for the genre. Rhapsody, which Fletcher also directed (after taking over from Bryan Singer) was able to combine a jukebox musical with a celebrity gay man’s story, told with just the right amount of gravitas — and queer tragedy — to give it an angle but also keep mainstream audiences comfortable. (That it was rated PG-13 and had no gay sex helped ensure this.) Rami Malek’s performance as Mercury could successfully be sold as Oscar-worthy in large part because the Philadelphia-style storyline about Mercury’s death from AIDS complications made the film seem more serious than it actually was. There isn’t the same level of faux gravitas in Rocketman, which, like its flamboyant protagonist, mostly just wants to have fun. But Elton John’s story and celebrity would seem to provide somewhat similar fodder for a Hollywood blockbuster. The film generally manages to better toe the line between the kind of overly broad sentimentality required of all biopics and the specificity of John’s story as a gay man. But the ways in which this movie does echo Rhapsody hint at how limited mainstream Hollywood’s approach to gay celebrity stories still is. There's clearly an appetite for stories about queer cultural figures, and plenty with fascinating stories to be told. Bu",reader
"""We went to therapy and our therapist told me to end it and get as far away from him as possible."" —jessicah477d15ee4 ""It gave me perspective to see how abusive and controlling he was. I had been making excuses up to that point as to why he did the things he did to me and that it wasn't so bad because he rarely hit me. I believed it was always something I did. After eight years together, nearly two married, I waited until he was at work, packed up my dogs and left. I've met my dream man now and I finally know what love is."" —s4fd320672 —sirakttoille —oklatina —laurens423a91fa7 —alexandriabg ""I was unhappy, in a toxic relationship where everything was my fault. He was constantly bringing me down and comparing me to his mom. Thing is, he did not let me leave. I'm finally happy with an amazing job and man. Don't let anyone tell you you are not enough or worth it."" —vikky ""I brushed that off as a combination of too much booze/wedding day stress, but I wasn’t happy. Then I really got the hint when he drove me to my parents house, knocked on their door, dropped me off and said, 'I’m sorry' and left ON OUR ONE-YEAR ANNIVERSARY. Turns out he had been sleeping with a co-worker for at least six months of our marriage."" —alih26 —koraq —idkyet ""I started making plans to leave at that point. Eight months later I moved out and the marriage was over."" —eithneb —karap ""It wasn't that I didn't love him or that he was a bad guy, I just needed more. He'd always been clear on who he was and what he could provide me with. I felt better off alone. And he got a better life out of the deal, too!"" —e484de765a —maridgely ""It was the best decision I ever made for me and my children."" —crs9210 —myfury —rachaelh4aedbe54a ""After eighteen years of marriage, I have been single about a year now and I’ve never been happier. Even though I’m a single working mom of three kids, I have more energy than when I was married. It’s been awesome."" —annieb45945f625 ""A year and a half later, guess what I got AS",health
"PACE, FLORIDA — Chris wanted to make it clear: He didn’t mean to compare Donald Trump to Jesus. But he did, twice. Democrats have gone after Trump over and over again because they’re threatened by his power, Chris said — just like the Romans did with Christ. And later, when they couldn't find real reasons to persecute him, well: “They just bear false witness.” “It’s a 'Peter and the Wolf' thing,” said Chris, a resident of tiny Baker, Florida, who is struggling to find work because of a physical disability. First accusations of racism, then sexual harassment, then anti-LGBTQ bias, then more racism, then Russian collusion. Now, Ukraine. “You cry long enough and loud enough, and at first people are like, ‘Oh no, the wolf is here, the wolf is here,’ but after a while, you realize, it’s a joke. And so now, I don’t even care anymore.” With the impeachment inquiry into Trump raging on in Washington, I went looking for the place in America that was deepest inside the Fox News bubble. There’s no data about where, exactly, people watch the most Fox News. But data from the Public Religion Research Institute suggests that the average Republican who watches Fox is white, Southern, and over the age of 30. I ended up here, in a sunbaked Walmart parking lot in Florida’s 1st Congressional District — a stretch of sparkling beaches and dense pine forests along the far tip of the state’s panhandle. The district is the most conservative in Florida, mostly white and disproportionately older, and, most importantly, its representative is Matt Gaetz, who has vaulted his national profile with appearance after appearance on the cable news channel. The impeachment inquiry has been especially kind to Gaetz’s Fox profile. His latest line: “Trump is innocent and the deep state is guilty.” In Gaetz’s district, almost no one is worried about what Trump said to the president of Ukraine. Instead, the overwhelming feeling here is that, even in the midst of a historic impeachment inquiry, there is noth",politics
"Students applying for federal financial aid should be wary of new problems that could arise from changes to 2018 tax forms, warned a group of US senators as the Oct. 1 rollout date for the 2020–21 Free Application for Federal Student Aid approached. Here's the background: The IRS changed the 1040 tax form — the standard federal income tax form — as part of the Trump administration's efforts to simplify filing taxes. “The new, postcard-size Form 1040 is designed to simplify and expedite filing tax returns, providing much-needed relief to hardworking taxpayers,” Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said last year. The form was redesigned to be the size of a large postcard. That sounded great at first but ended up being extremely complicated, creating ""a mess"" for tax professionals. The instructions for filling out the new tax form got longer, and some of the information that was previously on the old 1040 just got moved to new(!) tax forms. ""The administration is using these gimmicks to try to tell an overly-simplified simplification story,"" according to a blog by the Tax Policy Center. These updates to a supremely boring (but important!) tax form will impact students applying for financial aid. According to New Hampshire Democratic Sen. Maggie Hassan, ""these changes disrupted functions of the IRS Data Retrieval Tool, which allows students to automatically and accurately fill in their family’s tax information on their FAFSA form for student aid."" Some data that is no longer on the 1040, but information found on one of the other forms — such as capital gains, unemployment pay, prize money, gambling winnings, student loan interest deduction, self-employment tax, and educator expenses — won't be automatically exported to the FAFSA and will have to be manually inputted. All this is bad because, honestly, who really understands their tax forms? A letter Hassan signed in August with nine other senators including candidate for the Democratic nomination for president Bernie Sand",tech
"SAN FRANCISCO — As Google fights criticism that it has let anti-vaccine disinformation flourish on its platform, the tech giant’s Silicon Valley campus, where thousands work, is now confronting its own in-house case of measles as the virus resurges across the United States. In an email sent to some employees last week and obtained by BuzzFeed News, a staff doctor at Google wrote that a worker who had recently been in one of its Mountain View, California, buildings had been diagnosed with measles. David Kaye, an occupational medicine physician at Google, wrote that the worker had been in the office on 1295 Charleston Road April 4. “We have been working with the Santa Clara County Public Health Department and they would like us to share this measles advisory, which contains information on measles, exposure risks and actions to be taken,” Kaye wrote April 13, adding that “this note is just a precaution.” Neither Kaye nor Google immediately responded to requests for comment. A spokesperson for the county's public health agency confirmed Wednesday afternoon that an unnamed adult resident of San Mateo County “who visited Google” had contracted measles. The case is unrelated to previous cases in Santa Clara County, and there is no additional public health risk, according to the agency. The dangerous virus was eliminated from the US in 2000 — but there are now 555 cases across 20 states, the CDC said this week. New York City has declared a local outbreak to be a public health emergency and issued a mandatory vaccination order. In Santa Clara County, which includes Mountain View, there are four confirmed cases of measles, public health officials said Tuesday. Public health experts blame the resurgence, at least in part, on the spread of anti-vaccine falsehoods on social media platforms. In February, BuzzFeed News found that YouTube’s algorithm continued to promote anti-vax videos even while facing pressure from US lawmakers to curb the content. Following that story, YouTube ",science
"Shared pop culture events used to be commonplace. I’m not even talking about the record-setting series finales of M*A*S*H and Seinfeld, or the half year when Titanic dominated the box office, the music charts, and the Oscars. I’m talking about, like, a midseason episode of ER circa 1996, when the NBC drama regularly pulled in over 35 million viewers a week. Or those months — months! — in 2002 when it seemed like everyone was buying a ticket to My Big Fat Greek Wedding out of a sense of “well everyone else is seeing this” obligation. We don’t do that anymore. There still are popular hits, of course — Aquaman, The Walking Dead, A Star Is Born — and we do all still slip into moments of true mass culture obsession, like J.J. Abrams resurrecting Star Wars or whenever Beyoncé shablams a new album into the world. But over the last 20 years, as the options for pop culture consumption have proliferated, those shared obsessions have become rare events rather than commonplace rituals — lone unicorns instead of herds of cattle. That is, except for HBO’s Game of Thrones and the Marvel Cinematic Universe. In its final season this spring, GoT became the No. 1 scripted show on television — at least, among the networks and streamers that publicly share audience data — with an average of at least 44.2 million total viewers per episode across all platforms in the US for its final season. It’s by far the most popular show in HBO’s history. Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame, meanwhile, obliterated box office records when it opened last month, earning $357 million at the domestic box office — which translates to selling roughly 39.6 million tickets. To date, Endgame has grossed over $800 million domestically, and since Iron Man kicked off the MCU in 2008, the entire 22-movie franchise has grossed $8 billion in the US and Canada. It took years for each of these franchises to build themselves up from merely popular to once-in-a-generation sensations, as their respective (and overlapping) f",reader
"Gloria Friday was visiting her hometown of Borroloola a few weeks ago when she became sick. Friday has kidney disease and now lives in Darwin, 700km away from the remote community, so she can receive the dialysis she needs three times a week. But separated from her country and her family, she gets homesick and returns occasionally. “I just go for a couple of days; I miss one dialysis, I come up to Darwin and empty fluid,” she told BuzzFeed News. She can manage as long as she doesn't drink too much fluid, she said. But “the nurses [in Borroloola] want to have nothing to do with dialysis mob,” she said. “They’re very strict."" On this occasion, Friday said she was “overflowing with fluid”. She called Borroloola’s Community Health Centre for help. ""And then [the person who answered the phone] said to me, 'Well, I’m very sorry, we can’t do anything for dialysis patients'. I said: 'Why?'. She said: '‘You people ought to learn to look after yourself'. ""I said, 'Look, that’s not fair, you should come and check me out anyway'. That night, my life was threatening. I was short of a wind. And she wouldn’t come."" Friday said she sat up all night and flew back to Darwin the next morning, where she complained to federal senator Malarndirri McCarthy, who hails from Borroloola. McCarthy’s office made a verbal complaint to the office of Northern Territory health minister Natasha Fyles, who undertook to investigate with a view to counselling the Borroloola clinic staff member. A spokesperson for Fyles confirmed an inquiry had been conducted, but declined to comment on its findings or outcomes. McCarthy's office has not yet heard back about the result of the investigation.When BuzzFeed News contacted the clinic, it was referred to the NT Department of Health. Asked about Friday's claim, the department (which oversees the clinic) said confidentiality prevented it from commenting on specific patients. Friday is one of many renal patients from remote communities forced to move to the NT's",health
"WASHINGTON — House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Thursday that Rep. Katie Hill’s resignation after nude photos of the representative were released without her consent should be a cautionary tale for young people. Asked at a press conference whether she believed Hill was right to resign, Pelosi said only that it was Hill’s decision to make. But, the speaker added, “I do say to my own children and grandchildren, especially young children, you know, some of these — I don’t know what to call them — appearances on social media can come back to haunt you if they are taken out of context and that. But I do think that we have to be careful.” Hill’s resignation came after RedState and the Daily Mail published nude photos of Hill and alleged she dated two staffers, one on her campaign and one in her DC office. Hill said she did date a woman who worked on her campaign, but denied ever having dated a second staffer. The claim that she did, Hill said in a statement, came from her estranged husband whom she has called “abusive,” something Pelosi did not mention Thursday when she was asked about Hill’s resignation. “This is what needs to happen so that the good people who supported me will no longer be subjected to the pain inflicted by my abusive husband and the brutality of political operatives who seem to happily provide a platform to a monster who is driving a smear campaign built around cyber exploitation,” Hill said when she announced she would resign. Hill’s office said law enforcement is looking into how the photos got out, and BuzzFeed News reported Wednesday that her husband told his parents he was hacked before the photos of Hill appeared online. The release of the photos was “shameful,” and a “profound violation,” Pelosi said Thursday morning, “regardless of any errors in judgement that anyone may have made.” But, she added, “I caution everyone that they too may be subjected to [that], so to be careful.” Some younger members of the Democratic Party have been more defensive",politics
"A tweet warning of a second American civil war written by a far-right militia with almost 24,000 followers doesn't violate Twitter's terms of service. On Sunday night, President Donald Trump tweeted a thread quoting statements made by Pastor Robert Jeffress on Fox News that if Trump were impeached and removed from office, a civil war would break out. The Twitter account belonging to the Oath Keepers, which the Southern Poverty Law Center describes as ""one of the largest radical antigovernment groups in the US today,"" quote-tweeted the president and added, ""This whole thread is important to read. The term 'civil war' is increasingly on people’s tongue. And not just 'cold civil war' — full-blown 'hot' civil war. Fact is patriots consider the left to be domestic enemies of the Constitution bent on the destruction of the Republic..."" Twitter told BuzzFeed News it would not provide a comment on whether tweets that call for civil war violate its terms of service. But BuzzFeed News confirmed Monday that the platform did not intend to remove the tweet or take policy action regarding the organization's account. In June, Twitter formalized a process that it had been operating under for years. Politicians who violated its terms of service wouldn't be punished and its content would remain on the site if it met a standard of ""public interest."" If a politician's content didn't meet its criteria for newsworthiness, their tweets would remain up, but quarantined behind a disclaimer. Trump, as the president of the United States, by definition qualifies under a public interest exemption. A militia tweeting in agreement would not — on the face of it — be protected under the same standard. According to Twitter's current rules and policies, content that promotes violence, terrorism, or violent extremism is not allowed. ""You may not threaten violence against an individual or a group of people,"" the Twitter terms of service reads. ""You may not threaten or promote terrorism or violent extre",tech
"Expect even more measles outbreaks in the United States in coming years, public health experts say, thanks to overseas epidemics and growing misinformation efforts by anti-vaccination activists. Outbreaks of the highly contagious virus are now active in 20 states, with 555 confirmed cases in the US this year alone, according to the CDC. That’s well on track to exceed 2014’s record of 667 cases, the highest number recorded since the disease was declared domestically eradicated in 2000. All of the new US outbreaks originally derived from infections transmitted by travelers — either visitors from overseas, or US residents who went abroad. “Every case we have now is associated with travel,” Thomas Clark, deputy director of the CDC's viral diseases division, told BuzzFeed News. And with measles cases now surging outside of the US too — seeing a 300% global increase this year compared to last — we are likely to see more cases here, public health experts say. “It is unfortunately the new normal,” Harvard Medical School epidemiologist John Brownstein told BuzzFeed News. And the booming anti-vaccine movement in the US and across the world is making it harder to keep it in check, he said. On Monday, the World Health Organization reported that 170 countries have confirmed more than 112,000 cases so far in 2019. That’s probably an underestimate, as only about 1 in 10 actual cases is reported to the WHO. Severe outbreaks in countries such as Madagascar, the Philippines, and Ukraine, among others, are, “causing many deaths — mostly among young children,” according to the health agency. Those epidemics are leading to outbreaks even in countries with good overall vaccination rates, such as Israel, Thailand, and the US. “Absolutely what we are seeing is that under-vaccinated areas in the US are the kindling and the huge numbers of infections overseas are the spark that ignites outbreaks here,” Baylor College of Medicine infectious disease expert Peter Hotez told BuzzFeed News. Measl",science
"On a recent afternoon at the Fabletics pop-up store in Soho, a small sign stood in front of a mannequin’s disembodied butt fitted with an exercise thong: “Don’t forget to use our hashtag on all your double-tap-worthy photos of our new store.” Search Instagram for that hashtag (#FableticsIRL), and you’ll find hundreds of women in their Fabletics gear, distinguishable by its commitment to vibrantly colored, matching leggings-and-sports-bra pairings. Competitor Lululemon has vibrance, competitor Outdoor Voices has matching outfits, but neither has both — and, even more importantly, neither has Kate Hudson, whose Instagram photos (#MyFabletics, #FableticsFriday) pop up amid the stream of customers, showing her dressed in the same mid-priced leggings. The Soho pop-up is a modest space — about the size of a New York studio apartment, and far smaller than the slew of Fabletics brick-and-mortar stores that have taken up residency in swanky suburban malls across the country. A window display tells passersby that “Girls Just Wanna Have Pockets” (now available on a wide array of Fabletics leggings and sports bras). Above the register, a neon sign broadcasts a distillation of the Fabletics brand and athleisure in general: “Kick Butt / Look Cute / Repeat.” Attendants dressed in fashionable eyewear and Fabletics outfits ask every customer if they’re familiar with the VIP program: Enroll for $49.95 a month, one says, and you’ll get two pairs of leggings for just $24, plus a 30% to 50% discount on every item in the store. “But do I really need new clothes every month?” a trim, put-together woman in her fifties asked. “Whatever your lifestyle,” the attendant responded, “you’ll find yourself wearing these clothes.” That’s the athleisure promise: a new category of clothing, one you don’t necessarily need, but will nonetheless start colonizing your wardrobe. Athleisure’s explicit purpose is working out, but its implicit aim is looking cute — the uniform for the modern woman who might n",reader
"But please don't eat them. You can just sleep on the couch. Even though the maze looks extremely easy, I would still voluntarily get lost so I could stay here forever. Do you feel relaxed now? cc: Jonah Pug included. That's a hole I'd like to sink into. Mmm. This giant leaf that wants to remind you there is still love left in this world: These incredible fan leaves that don't even look real: This pond covered in magical lily pads: This cactus dreamland: These plant ravioli that you want to eat right now: This beautiful plant wig: This greenhouse that is also houseplant goals: This staircase that makes it hard to go upstairs, but you don't even mind because it looks so good: This exotic mystery plant with a very interesting, furry bloom: This maze that you'd probably enjoy getting lost in: This incredible reading nook: This chill greenhouse with a special guest: This giant, smooth leaf that wants you to breathe in for ten seconds: This lush foliage that now wants you to breathe out for ten seconds: This leafy building I hope our boss decides to open an office in soon: This lush, overgrown apartment building: This whole situation, which I'd like in my apartment when I move into the above building: This amazing Australian sinkhole: And this labyrinth that looks like cake:",health
"WASHINGTON — The House passed a resolution Thursday formalizing its impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump and outlining procedures for moving forward with public hearings. It passed by a vote of 232–196. Just two Democrats, Reps. Collin Peterson of Minnesota and Jeff Van Drew of New Jersey, voted with Republicans against the resolution. Independent Rep. Justin Amash, who left the Republican Party earlier this year, joined the Democrats to vote yes; he is the sole non-Democrat who has supported impeaching the president. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced the vote earlier this week, just days after a judge ruled there was no legal requirement that Democrats bring such a resolution to the floor. But doing so, Pelosi said, would neutralize process attacks from Trump and his allies and help the House move forward. “For weeks, the President, his Counsel in the White House, and his allies in Congress have made the baseless claim that the House of Representatives impeachment inquiry ‘lacks the necessary authorization for a valid impeachment proceeding,’” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi wrote in a letter to her caucus Monday. “They argue that, because the House has not taken a vote, they may simply pretend the impeachment inquiry does not exist.” The argument that the House needed to hold a floor vote to open an inquiry had “no merit,” the speaker said in her letter, but, she added, the House is “taking this step to eliminate any doubt as to whether the Trump Administration may withhold documents, prevent witness testimony, disregard duly authorized subpoenas, or continue obstructing the House of Representatives.” Peterson, one of the Democrats who voted against the resolution, told reporters that, while he's heard from people in his district who want to see the impeachment go forward, ""you can never make everybody happy."" He added that he tells them he’s prayed on it and is doing his best. ""Smart people always had concern with impeachment. They barely wanted to put i",politics
"Iconic teen retailer Forever 21 said it would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on Sunday, as the company grapples with low sales, online competition, and changing consumer tastes. The retailer will close up to 178 stores in the United States, as well as ceasing brick-and-mortar operations in 40 countries, including Japan and Canada. “Any potential paths we are considering are meant to strengthen Forever 21 and does NOT mean Forever 21 is going out of business,” Forever 21 CEO and founder Do Won Chang told stores in an email on Sept. 12. “We will continue to operate, providing customers with great service and the curated merchandise they love and expect from Forever 21.” Forever 21 will continue to operate online, and in many of its physical stores across the United States and Latin America. The Chapter 11 bankruptcy comes amid dwindling sales and struggles by the Chang family to sort out the company’s finances. After launching with one store in Los Angeles in 1984, Forever 21 grew into a mall staple, peaking at 700 outlets worldwide. But today, the company faces similar challenges to the ones that sent chains like Toys ‘R’ Us, Radio Shack, JCPenney, and Sears into turmoil — how to stay profitable as foot traffic becomes less important. Forever 21 leans heavily into real estate. The company is mall chain Taubman Properties' largest tenant, making up 4.3% of its total square footage. Its stores — averaging at around 34,000 square feet — are much larger than the stores of Taubman’s second-largest tenant, H&M, which store average 20,700 square feet. Many of its stores are connected by onerous leases to malls, which have suffered decreased traffic and sales as consumer patterns change. A former employee told BuzzFeed News that a quick review of a handful of stores in the Los Angeles area showed Forever 21 paid anywhere between 20% and 40% of store sales on rent. Retail stores typically pay between 10% to 15% of sales on rent. And in the face of these challenges, many Forev",tech
"The Senate has confirmed David Bernhardt, a former oil and gas lobbyist, to lead the Department of the Interior. The Thursday afternoon vote, 56–41, made Bernhardt’s top position official. He’s been acting secretary since January, following Ryan Zinke’s resignation amid multiple ethics investigations. Bernhardt was previously the agency’s second-in-command. ""The Department is aware that the Senate has acted and the Acting Secretary's nomination received significant bipartisan support,” Faith Vander Voort, an Interior Department spokesperson, told BuzzFeed News by email. Bernhardt worked for the Interior Department in various positions between 2001 and 2009. During his tenure as acting deputy since August 2017, Bernhardt has played a critical role in carrying out President Donald Trump’s “energy dominance” agenda. For example, under Bernhardt’s orders, when most of the Interior Department staff was furloughed during the last partial government shutdown, the agency continued to approve leases and permits for oil and gas drilling. He helped craft a soon-to-be-finalized proposal to greatly expand offshore oil and gas drilling, as well as played a key role in the rollback of protections for the sage grouse, a threatened bird whose habitat overlaps with oil-rich land in the West. He also signed the “Promoting Open Science” order last October, which the agency said would boost science transparency. But science advocates said it could have the opposite impact, limiting which studies are used to inform agency decisions. “I believe there is no question that he is ready for this job and can handle everything that it entails,” Sen. Lisa Murkowski, a Republican from Alaska and chair of the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, said about Bernhardt during his Senate confirmation hearing in March. Meanwhile, Democrats, along with various environmental and conservation groups, have sharply criticized Trump’s nominee for his possible conflicts of interest. Before joining",science
"Molly, the incredibly driven teenager played by Beanie Feldstein in Booksmart, has photos of Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Michelle Obama plastered on the walls of her room. She wears a blazer to class. She psychs herself up with serenely profane motivational tapes voiced by Maya Rudolph that inform her to ""Stand atop the mountain of your success and look down at everyone's who's ever doubted you — fuck those losers. Fuck them in their stupid fucking faces."" Molly’s compulsively responsible, but she's also a high school senior who has probably only recently crossed the line of legal adulthood, and it's unlikely she lives alone. But we never see Molly's parents, or whoever it is who watches over her. Booksmart kicks off with her morning meditation and later returns her to the salmon-colored apartment complex, where no one appears to be around to notice that she's been out all night. While her best friend Amy's (Kaitlyn Dever) mom and dad are shown hovering over a themed meal they made to celebrate their daughter's commencement, Molly's rhythms are those of a latchkey kid who's been entrusted with getting herself to school and to sleep on her own. There's a gap between Molly's life and what we see of her classmates, who all seem to have access to cars and live in houses and occupy income brackets ranging from middle class to ostentatious wealth. But that gap is never mentioned out loud, which seems like a sizable omission in a movie that's otherwise gratifyingly open — about sex, substances, and the stresses that can build up in a super-close friendship. Booksmart is Olivia Wilde's directorial debut, an exuberantly R-rated romp about how goody-goodies Molly and Amy attempt to shed their try-hard reputations over the course of the evening before their graduation ceremony. It's a Gen Z love letter set in a teen milieu that's more casually diverse than big-screen high schools ever used to be (Mason Gooding, son of Cuba Gooding Jr., plays the class heartthrob; Amy is openly les",reader
"Gloria Friday “just cried” when she first went on dialysis. “I am a strong person for the community and for my family,” she told BuzzFeed News. “I’m a role model. I like to play sports. I just cried because I can’t do any of them things any more, because of my dialysis.” Kidney disease meant the chatty Borroloola Elder had to travel 700km from her small, remote community to Darwin for dialysis, leaving behind her partner and family, and her job as a teacher at the local school. Arriving in Darwin in 2015, the 61-year-old faced a question that confronts many other Aboriginal people coming from community to urban centres for dialysis, condemning some to homelessness: where would she live while getting the life-saving treatment? Although housing in Borroloola can be low-quality and overcrowded, Friday shared a four-bedroom, two-bathroom house with her partner Graham and other family. But in Darwin she found herself with no house and very little money, as she began her gruelling dialysis schedule of three four-and-a-half-hour sessions per week. It left her hungry and weak, as well as being homesick and lonely. She spent her first year in Darwin at the Daisy Yarmirr Hostel, or the “Daisy Y”. It's run by Aboriginal Hostels Limited (AHL), a non-profit, federal government-owned temporary accommodation service for Indigenous people. Although Friday applied for public housing, the waitlist for a one-bedroom place in Darwin is six to eight years long. ""We understand that you can't just come rocking to Darwin and expect to get a house straight away"", Friday said. But by the time renal patients get public housing, ""some of us mightn’t be alive"". The average survival rate for Northern Territory renal patients is six years. The shortage of public housing is one reason the Northern Territory's homelessness rate is 12 times the national average. More than 1 in 20 (5.6%) of the population has no accommodation. Some of those are people on dialysis, a hugely taxing medical treatment th",health
"This is an excerpt from The Stakes 2020, BuzzFeed News' newsletter about what really matters in the 2020 campaign. You can sign up here. Eric Swalwell is a Bay Area lawmaker, former prosecutor, and a short-lived presidential candidate who serves on the House Intelligence Committee now leading the impeachment inquiry. This week, Swalwell texted with me between long periods in the secure meeting room (SCIF) where the inquiry is being held. (One of the texts arrived just as his face popped up on CNN.) I asked him why they wouldn't just take a vote in light of the fact it seems like Republicans and Democrats broadly agree on what happened — even if they disagree on whether it was impeachable. [The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.] ",politics
"The White House released the record of a call between President Donald Trump and Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky on Wednesday. According to the document, Trump asked Zelensky to do him a “favor” and investigate the origins of the Russia probe as well as former vice president Joe Biden. As the country’s mainstream media swarmed over the staff-written memorandum of the conversation, anonymous radicalized communities like 4chan and far-right pockets of Facebook, Reddit, and Telegram focused on something else. It wasn’t the possible abuse of power that sent them into a fervor, but instead the American president’s mention of CrowdStrike, a company that provides security, threat intelligence, and cyberattack response services, and which the Democratic National Committee hired to investigate the hack of its servers during the 2016 election campaign. In the memorandum, Trump says to Zelensky, “I would like you to find out what happened with this whole situation with Ukraine, they say CrowdStrike… I guess you have one of your wealthy people… The server, they say Ukraine has it.” One large 4chan thread was titled “HAPPENING: CROWDSTRIKE SERVER RELEASE IMMINENT,” another, “What is CrowdStrike, and why does their server seem to be important?” and another, “ULTIMATE HAPPENING: Trump mentions CROWDSTRIKE in Transcript release, Tied to DNC server & Seth Rich.” CrowdStrike's role in a sprawling conspiracy carried out by the DNC started as wild conjecture on anonymous message boards in the lead up to the 2016 election. The flames were fanned by Russian news outlets like Russia Today and Sputnik News, who both published multiple pieces about it. It was then laundered into mainstream Republican discourse by figures like Roger Stone, Trump's former campaign adviser. In a statement provided to BuzzFeed News, a CrowdStrike spokesperson pushed back at conspiracy theories about CrowdStrike’s work with the DNC in 2016.“We provided all forensic evidence and analysis to the FBI,” the C",tech
"On Wednesday, scientists revealed the first-ever image of a black hole, thanks to researcher Katie Bouman. This is a BIG moment, guys. And like every moment, the internet came through with some hilarious memes of the image:",science
"We gays have three favorite uses of hyperbole: I’m living, I’m SCREAMING, and I’m dead. Since we live in a straight world that simultaneously ignores and threatens us, exaggerated emotion and action is only reasonable. Killing Eve, the critically acclaimed BBC television drama adapted by Phoebe Waller-Bridge, dramatizes the three stages of queer hyperbole — living, screaming, and dead — by making its central tension the mutually obsessive relationship between a high-femme assassin, Villanelle (Jodie Comer), and a high-strung MI5 operative, Eve Polastri (Sandra Oh). Will they or won’t they fuck? Will they or won’t they kill each other? The show ended its first season with a brilliant answer: Eve and Villanelle finally get in bed, Eve pulls the classic straight girl “I’ve never done this before” move — then stabs Villanelle in the stomach. Killing Eve, early on, succeeded in walking the line between signaling and screaming. Murdering someone on the dance floor? Turning tokens of femininity like perfume and lipstick into weapons? Stabbing your crush in the gut? In the first season, everything is in quotation marks. But in the second season, which will end this weekend, on May 26, the suggested becomes literal. “She did it to show me how much she cares about me,” Villanelle explains in the season premiere — referring to Eve’s failed attempt at murdering her — taking the penetration to indicate that the assassin and the assassin chaser are now literally girlfriend/girlfriend. From then on, Season 2 of Killing Eve falls short of its delightful beginnings because all of its queer subtext has become text. Whereas the first season focused on the implicit queer magnetism between the leads, the second season makes it obvious — even to the straights. Every secondary character intrudes on their attraction, prying, “What is going on with you and Villanelle?” “What is going on with you and Eve?” I have the same questions, but now that the show is so self-aware of its central tensi",reader
"Before I was born, my mom had an ectopic pregnancy — that's when the fertilized egg grows outside the uterus. Three months into the pregnancy, her fallopian tube ruptured. She wanted another child so badly, but the doctors said she needed to have an abortion or else she would die. My mom decided the right thing to do was to have an abortion so that she could live and raise my older brother.  Two years later, I was born. Had she not gotten the abortion, she would have died and I wouldn’t have been born. Even though her abortion was done for life-saving purposes, she still believes that everyone should have that choice, no questions asked. —andrewg4ff9ab9cb Not really seeing many stories from men on here, so I guess I’ll go ahead and share mine. My girlfriend and I were 19 and 20 respectively, we had both just dropped out of college, and we were working shit jobs in a shit town. After learning she was pregnant and a very brief discussion (we were pretty much already on the same page), she went in for the abortion and that was that. We could barely afford to keep ourselves alive, so we couldn’t imagine trying to care for someone else.  Since the abortion, we've turned our lives around and gotten our shit together, separately. We're both in great places in our lives, with great careers in new places. It would have been pretty impossible to do without her option to have an abortion. —alexj4003e7705 My mother was in an extremely abusive relationship. The details she told me (and the ones I've inferred) are horrifying. She was 15 years old, living in a small town, and he essentially groomed her and shamed her into staying with him. When she became pregnant, it was a wake-up call. She knew he would always have a way into her life and she knew he was capable of hurting or even killing a baby.  There wasn't much help available for abused women back in the early '80s, and she didn't have any family capable of helping or scaring the guy off. So she got an abortion and left soon",health
"WASHINGTON — House Republicans brushed off the idea that a transcript that detailed the controversial conversation between President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and prompted Congress’s impeachment inquiry was incomplete, with many of them pivoting to the line they’ve been echoing for weeks: “There was no quid pro quo.” On Tuesday, Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman of the National Security Council told House impeachment investigators that some of the document omitted important words, as first reported by the New York Times. The report also said that Vindman — who listened to the phone call firsthand — made some edits to the original record, debunking Trump’s claim that the unclassified document was an “exact” transcription of the June conversation. (The document itself made clear it was a non-verbatim transcript.) Other edits Vindman tried to make, he told Congress, were not accepted, according to the Times. But Republicans don’t seem to mind. “I’ve read the reports, and let me just tell you — it’s a nothingburger,” said Rep. Mark Meadows. He went on to say that the fact there were omissions in the transcript wasn’t relevant. Other Republicans deferred to the “quid pro quo” argument — despite testimony that Trump asked for dirt on former vice president Joe Biden in exchange for US financial aid to Ukraine — casting aside the original question about the transcript of the call. “The transcript dealt with 2016,” said Rep. Tim Burchett of Tennessee. “So I don’t see any problem with it. I just don’t see the quid pro quo at all. There was no quid pro quo. They received the funding, and he didn’t receive anything at all.” Texas Rep. Mike Conaway said Vindman’s testimony that the transcript was altered comes at a “curious timing.” “That transcript has been out for a long time and been available, and anybody who was on the phone call could have said something before now,” said Conaway, after calling the reports that the transcript was changed “unsubstanti",politics
"Last week, Google quietly removed at least 46 apps from the Play store belonging to iHandy, a major Chinese mobile developer, and initially declined to comment on why it took action against the company. Now Google has told BuzzFeed News the apps were removed due to ""deceptive or disruptive ads."" ""Our Google Play developer policies are designed to help create the best experience for users, and we explicitly prohibit deceptive or disruptive ads. When violations are found, we take action,"" said a statement from a Google spokesperson. The iHandy removals, which had not been previously reported, are yet another example of Google taking action against a major Chinese app developer over ad violations, further raising concerns about the ad and privacy practices of Android developers based in that country. iHandy, a Beijing-based company, filed documents earlier this year to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. It describes itself as “one of the world’s largest mobile application developers” and says it has 180 million monthly active users in more than 200 countries. Google removed at least 46 iHandy apps, including selfie, security and antivirus, keyboards, horoscopes, emoji, and health apps, from the Android Play store that in total had been downloaded in the aggregate tens of millions of times. One of the most popular was “Sweet Camera — Selfie Beauty Camera, Filters,” which had been downloaded more than 50 million times alone. Google initially left eight of the company’s apps in the Google Play store, but removed three of those after this article was published. The means a total of 49 iHandy apps have been removed as of this writing, and Goole says its investigation is ongoing. The Google rep also confirmed the removed iHandy apps are no longer being monetized using Google’s ad network. In its filing to go public, iHandy listed Google as its biggest customer in 2018, which suggests the Silicon Valley giant’s ad network is iHandy’s single largest source of revenue. S",tech
"A year ago, when cops captured Joseph James DeAngelo, the suspected Golden State Killer, the world woke up to the power of genetic genealogy. DeAngelo was identified because DNA he left at the scene of a 1980 double murder partially matched the profiles that a few of his distant relatives had uploaded to a public website to research their family history. Based on those matches, a team of detectives drew up family trees that eventually led them to DeAngelo, suspected of at least 13 murders and more than 50 rapes. In the year since, more than 50 other criminal cases have been cracked using similar methods, launching a new forensic science industry. One estimate has suggested that more than half of the US population could be found in this way — although genealogists have warned that, in practice, complications like adoptions or misunderstandings over who is the biological father of a child can throw an investigator off track. How hard is it to crack cases in this way? And what issues does it raise, as police recruit genealogists to help them solve crimes by sifting through the perpetrators’ extended family trees? To explore these questions, my editor Virginia Hughes and I conjured up an experiment: She would recruit BuzzFeed employees to play the role of “suspects” and get their DNA tested with a company used by genealogy enthusiasts. She’d then download their DNA profiles, containing data on hundreds of thousands of genetic markers, and send the files to me labeled with randomly chosen fake names. Then I’d play genealogy “detective” and try to figure out who they really were. In the end, I identified 6 out of our 10 volunteers. Four of those cases I solved by tracking them down through their relatives’ family trees, much as the cops did with DeAngelo. In a twist I didn’t anticipate, I found two more not through their relatives, but simply because their ancestry indicated that their family came from a specific country — raising uncomfortable questions about genetic rac",science
"The original animated Aladdin came out just a year after I was born, but I wore through the VHS for years afterward. When adults asked me what my favorite movie was, I told them Aladdin, not necessarily because it was true — that honor went to Sleeping Beauty because I liked the way Maleficent said “Why so melancholy?” to some idiot white guy she captured — but because it seemed apt. How many Disney movies about brown people was I going to get when I was a kid? Not many, so I learned to love what I had. But even with all the representation afforded to me by these fictional brown people, there’s no denying that Aladdin is the genie’s movie. Sure, it pretends to be a story about a street rat winning over a princess, or about a princess trying to gain some autonomy, or about a bad guy yearning for ultimate power. It is not. Aladdin was a vehicle for Robin Williams’ manic energy. I’d rewind to a few key parts in the original Aladdin when I was a kid — Genie’s frenzied introduction, Genie singing Aladdin into the palace, Genie finally being set free. Genie was the only character that lightened a movie that was mostly blandly romantic or kind of terrifying. The original Genie was famously written for Robin Williams, and he did so much improv in the voice recordings that they had to rebuild parts of the script around him. And it works — Genie is one of the better Disney sidekicks: He’s warm and funny and kinetic, a giant blue freak who can morph into a slot machine or Jack Nicholson or a zombie or a sheep or Arsenio Hall. Best of all, he keeps the movie moving so fast that you don’t have time to stop, take a beat, and wonder if what’s going on makes any sense. Nothing kills a kids movie quite like getting bored enough to ask adult questions. So in what world would the live-action Aladdin remake, out this Friday, ever match up to what only a cartoon could accomplish? The new movie, directed by Guy Ritchie (What? Why??), is the latest in a slate of Disney live-action films a",reader
"These contractions cause the cervix to dilate (open). During this, the cervix effaces (gets softer and thinner) so the baby can enter the birth canal. Some women get nauseous during labor and some women experience leg cramping as well. Active labor usually lasts four to eight hours. The bones of a newborn's skull are soft and malleable – the plates in their skull actually move and overlap when they are pushed out. This is why some babies are born with misshapen or pointed heads. If their head is misshaped, it usually forms back after a couple days. During labor, healthcare professionals use their fingers to feel how many centimeters the cervix is dilated. So, midwives or doulas usually use these boards for practice. Giving birth ain't easy. Labor isn't fun. Let's break it down. Early labor begins when a woman starts to feel contractions – they basically feel like awful period pain and cramps in your abdomen or lower back. Since every birth is different, it is unpredictable how long early labor will last. For first-time moms, however, it can last for several days! Next a woman goes into what is called active labor. Contractions at this point become stronger and more frequent. This is when things really intensify because the cervix has to dilate to 10 centimeters! Once a woman's cervix is fully dilated, it's time to push. They push in between contractions and it can take as little as a few minutes or as long as a few hours for the baby to come out. So that's the TL;DR version of vaginal childbirth. There's obviously more details that happen (like the birth of the placenta), but for the sake of this post – and the possibility of you losing your lunch – that's basically all you need to know. Now it's time for a (non-graphic) visual! SVC Birth Center shared this photo of a newborn's head fitting through 10 centimeters: In the pic, they used something called a dilation board that shows the size each centimeter looks when it is dilated. After the photo was posted, it start",health
"Twitter is planning to ban political ads from its service globally, the company announced Wednesday via a series of tweets from its CEO Jack Dorsey. The ban will go into effect Nov. 22. Dorsey said the ban will cover ads about specific candidates and issues — the broadest possible ban. Some ads will be allowed to remain, including those encouraging people to vote. According to a Twitter spokesperson, news organizations are currently exempt from its rules on political advertising, and the company will release full details on exemptions next month. This is a major shift in policy for Twitter. Ahead of the 2016 election, the company sold new targeting options to campaigns and promoted hashtags ahead of the debates. But during the campaign, Twitter was beset by a misinformation campaign coordinated by a Kremlin-linked troll farm and even tried to sell Russia Today 15% of its US elections ad inventory. The company does not want a repeat this year. Twitter’s move comes as Facebook has faced heavy criticism for political ads, which permits candidates to lie according to a policy the company clarified earlier this month. CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his executives have defended this move by saying that they do not want the company to be arbiter of truth, and instead will allow the public and media to assess the truth of claims. “While I worry about an erosion of truth, I don’t think most people want to live in a world where you can only post things that tech companies judge to be 100% true,” Zuckerberg said in a speech earlier this month at Georgetown University. The policy has sparked a backlash from presidential candidates including Elizabeth Warren — who ran a false Facebook ad to underscore what she saw as the policy’s absurdity — and some of the social network’s own employees, who have circulated a letter decrying the decision and suggested their own changes. In his Twitter thread, Dorsey took a swipe at Facebook's policy, noting that it is not credible to say ""We’re workin",politics
"Amazon unveiled its much-anticipated AirPods competitor, Echo Buds, at a press event earlier today — and I was able to quickly try out the new Bluetooth wireless earbuds.The Echo Buds cost slightly less than Apple's version ($130 versus about $160) and will be released Oct. 30. The buds have a microphone that listen for the ""Alexa"" wake word and can understand prompts like ""Alexa, turn the volume up"" or ""Alexa, play some music."" You can also tap and hold the side of the bud to activate your phone's default assistant, whether it's Siri or Google Assistant. Like AirPods, music will automatically pause when you take out a bud. The battery life is similar to that of AirPods. The Echo Buds have five hours of music playback. When the Echo Buds run out of power, they can be recharged from their case, which is about the size of an Altoids tin and holds up to 15 hours of battery life. (The case itself can be charged via micro USB cable.) One thing that's most notable about Echo Buds is that it has built-in noise cancellation. In my test, the Echo Buds' noise reduction seemed to be better than the AirPods in two ways:The first was its software. Noise reduction in the Echo Buds was developed by Bose, and it can easily be turned on and off by double-tapping the side of the buds.The second was the fit and feel of the earbuds. Echo Buds come with three grippy ear tip sizes (small, medium, and large) that seem to seal out external sound better than the one-size-fits-all hard plastic of AirPods. I couldn't run around the demo area — but I did shake my head around (video below). And based on that experience, I think the buds would stay put during a workout. Amazon also says the buds are sweat-resistant. While the earbuds are designed to work primarily with iOS and Android devices, they can also connect to laptops. A button on the back puts the headphones into pairing mode. Setting up the Echo Buds is very similar to setting up an Echo device. When you first open the Echo Buds case, ",tech
"CLAIRTON, Pennsylvania — Here in the steep hills of southwestern Pennsylvania, politicians are struggling to weigh the lives of sick children and elderly people against desperately needed jobs. And mostly, they're choosing the jobs. Ever since a factory fire in late December, pollution alerts have steadily gone out to communities near two US Steel plants — one that bakes coal in massive, 2,000-degree ovens, and another that flares sulfur-laden gas day and night from a nearby hillside. Steam clouds loft from the smokestacks there in a valley where the asthma rates are nearly triple the national average. Many towns are facing public health consequences of fossil fuels. But Clairton’s pollution crisis has unique political stakes — pitting the behemoth US Steel, a chief beneficiary of President Trump’s steel tariffs, against environmentalists and local health officials. In this part of the country, politicians of both parties know that the way to win elections is to win the steel and coal workers. That means that Republicans — and even some big-name Democrats — seem unwilling to do much about the long-running pollution problem, which is disproportionately hitting young and elderly people, particularly in black communities. Take Doreen Johnson, 61, who’s lived in or near Clairton her entire life. Every weekday morning, she wakes up at 5:30 a.m. so she can drive to her daughter’s house and help get her grandkids off to school. Her daughter needs to catch a 6 a.m. bus to get to work in Pittsburgh, about 15 miles away, and can’t stay with the kids. Before heading out the door, Johnson always looks at her phone to check the air quality outside. Allegheny County, where this faded town is perched on a hillside above the Monongahela River, has some of the dirtiest air in the US. Four of her five grandchildren have asthma. She particularly worries about her oldest granddaughter, who at 12 years old needs both an inhaler and a nebulizer. “When she wakes up in the morning, you can",science
"Last week Carly Rae Jepsen released Dedicated, her first album in four years. It’s a classic pop record: simple lyrics, pleasingly generic production, and swelling, sugary hooks. It’s the type of music you’ve heard a million times before but, when done well — as it often is on Dedicated — the type you love all the more for its cozy familiarity. Dedicated, though, won’t be a chart topper. As of today, it sits at No. 12 on iTunes, and none of its songs are in Spotify’s Top 200. This should come as no surprise: Jepsen’s last full-length album, 2015’s Emotion, debuted at No. 16, and she hasn’t had a song chart on the Billboard Hot 100 since that album’s lead single, “I Really Like You,” stalled at No. 39. None of this will matter a lick. Since the release of Emotion, now a beloved cult pop classic, Jepsen has emerged at the forefront of micro pop stardom, leading a wave of artists that also includes Charli XCX, Lizzo, Janelle Monae, Kacey Musgraves, Troye Sivan, and Kim Petras. This crew trades largely in classic, “pure” pop music; sometimes it’s got a country twang, as with Musgraves, or trends towards hip-hop, as with Monae and Lizzo. But what sets these artists apart in today’s broader music landscape is their dedication to the kind of inviting, melodic, stick-in-your-cranium earworms that made superstars of everyone from Michael Jackson to Taylor Swift. Over the past few years, however, hip-hop’s growing domination of radio, streaming, and the charts has changed the power dynamics of celebrity in music. While a select few pop artists, namely Ariana Grande, have managed to break through to global superstardom by being authentically conversant with hip-hop, more have either abandoned or been deprived of traditional pop preeminence, instead becoming niche heroes. Unburdened from the pressure of churning out trendy radio singles and hitting album sales targets, performers like Jepsen have embraced an altogether different type of pop success, something quainter than the ",reader
"Ear, Nose, and Throat Doctor...DUH!!! Saying, ""I have a deviated septum,"" has become a fundamental part of your identity. You're *ALWAYS* blowing your nose. Like, ALWAYS. You never leave home without your tissues on you. And your bags, coat pockets, sweatshirt pockets, etc. are always filled with old used tissues. You have bags under your eyes no matter if you slept for two hours or 20 hours. And you have a long, long, loooooong list of allergies. Your bag has amassed a large collection of Zyrtec, Claritin, Mucinex, and Afrin. (So basically, you've tried every sinus and allergy medicine available.) You're OBSESSED with nasal rinses!!!!!!!!! Spring is your worst nightmare because you get EVEN 👏 MORE 👏 ALLERGIES. 👏 You have your ENT on speed dial. You snore — and I mean, like...........SNORE. But you love those strips that spread your nostrils open for Ample Breathing™!!!!!! You've hacked up some gnaaaaarly phlegm. And picked some county fair prize-winning boogies. Basically, this is you 24/7, and that's just how it be!!!!!!! *blows nose sadly*",health
"[The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.] WASHINGTON — In the hours before Alexander Vindman was deposed, it seemed like the Republican attack line was coming together on cable news. On her Fox News show Monday night, Laura Ingraham noted Vindman — a decorated lieutenant colonel and Ukraine expert who sits on the White House National Security Council — came to the United States from Ukraine as a child and speaks both Ukrainian and Russian. ""Here we have a US national security official who is advising Ukraine, while working inside the White House, apparently against the president's interest, and usually, they spoke in English. Isn't that kind of an interesting angle on this story?"" Laura Ingraham asked with a laugh. “I find that astounding,” responded John Yoo, a deputy assistant U.S. attorney general under former president George W. Bush. “You know, some people might call that espionage.” Sean Duffy, the former Real World cast member turned member of Congress, made a similar argument Tuesday morning, saying on CNN that Vindman likely has “an affinity to” Ukraine since he was from there. But House Republicans, who have been quick to side with Trump on seemingly endless topics, don’t even want to touch the argument some of his allies have made. “Listen, the guy got a Purple Heart from the United States in service to this country,” Rep. Mark Meadows, who sits on the Oversight and Foreign Affairs committees, said Tuesday afternoon. “I'm not gonna question his loyalty to our country.” At a press conference Tuesday morning, Rep. Liz Cheney, the House Republican Conference chair, denounced Yoo and Duffy’s remarks. “I think it is shameful … questioning the patriotism, questioning the dedication to country, of people like Mr. Vindman — Lt. Col. Vindman — who will be coming today an",politics
"On Tuesday, as the country waited for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to announce a formal impeachment investigation into President Donald Trump, Facebook’s vice president of global affairs and communications, Nick Clegg — the deputy prime minister of the United Kingdom from 2010 to 2015 — took to the stage at the Atlantic Festival in Washington, DC, to clarify how the platform handles elected officials: hands off. In his remarks, Clegg said that Facebook will continue to exempt politicians from third-party fact-checking and allow them to post content that would otherwise be against community guidelines for normal users. “I want to be really clear today — we do not submit speech by politicians to our independent fact-checkers, and we generally allow it on the platform even when it would otherwise breach our normal content rules,” Clegg said. “Of course, there are exceptions. Broadly speaking they are twofold: where speech endangers people and where we take money, which is why we have more stringent rules on advertising than we do for ordinary speech and rhetoric.” The policy exempting politicians from fact-checking has been in practice since last year. As it’s written, it applies to politicians at the executive, national, and regional levels, including those running for office. It seems clearly designed to prevent Facebook from making content moderation decisions that put it at the heart of the presidential campaign in 2020 — and taking all kinds of heat from all sides for doing so. But, as the United States enters a historically tumultuous political moment, Clegg’s announcement caused as much confusion as it was designed to quell. “I still don't really understand what the policy is and what implications it has for the campaigns that I work with,” Republican digital strategist Eric Wilson told BuzzFeed News. “It's just clear to me that they're lurching from crisis to crisis, and it doesn't seem like they have a firm grasp on getting this under control in time for 2020.” ",tech
"President Trump recycled a grab bag of debunked claims Tuesday about wind turbines killing birds, causing cancer, and knocking out your TV. “The thing makes so much noise, and of course it’s like a graveyard for birds,” Trump said at a campaign fundraising dinner. “And they say the noise causes cancer. You tell me that one, okay?” Trump had offered a different attack on wind power at a speech in Michigan last week, saying, “Windmills. Weeeee. And if it doesn’t blow, you can forget about television for that night.” The president has criticized wind turbines — which he sometimes calls “windmills” — since 2012 on Twitter and during his rallies. He has primarily focused on turbine projects in Ireland and Scotland, where he would later open golf courses. Between 2012 and 2014, Trump aggressively tweeted at the first prime minister of Scotland denouncing wind turbines and calling him “an embarrassment to Scotland.” In 2015, the British Supreme Court ruled that Trump could not stop an offshore wind farm near two of his Scotland golf courses, prompting a new series of attacks from the now-president. His remarks Tuesday seem to have come out of nowhere. To support his debunked claims in the past, Trump has tweeted links to a handful of fringe websites. But searches of 4chan and the social media monitoring tool BuzzSumo show that there have been no recent claims online connecting wind farms and cancer. On 4chan, an anonymous forum that’s often the first to start and promote conspiracies, nobody’s mentioned wind farms and cancer for more than a year. Trump’s statement on turbines and cancer parrots claims popularized years ago, known as the (debunked) wind turbine syndrome. It was pushed by online conspiracy theorists, who blamed wind turbines for all kinds of illnesses, from headaches to cancer. In at least one case, the spread of the myth was connected to an oil company in Australia. Multiple studies have since concluded there are no health risks to living around turbines. T",science
"In the second (and apparently final) season of Phoebe Waller-Bridge’s exceptional BBC series Fleabag, the titular character admits that she’s searching for surrender. After a comical but terribly bleak sequence of fuckups in season one, Fleabag finally has her shit together: She’s stopped using sex with men to fill the void in her heart, her business is surprisingly successful, and she’s patching up old wounds with her family. But she’s still managed to wander her way into what is, perhaps, her most significant fuckup of all, by falling for the world’s least available sort of man: a Catholic priest. The priest (a painfully charming Andrew Scott), who’s been recently ordained, breaks out whiskey in lieu of tea after mass and swears like a sailor, but has nonetheless fully placed his faith in an all-powerful God. He’s not necessarily a very good priest, but he is a priest. Fleabag insists she’s a die-hard atheist and has no interest in his promises of salvation — “Don’t make me an optimist; it’ll ruin my life” — but by Episode 4 he manages to con her into a confessional booth. By breaking the fourth wall, we’ve seen Fleabag put her life into context in quippy asides; but now, for the first time, we see her truly reveal herself, and her darkest fears, not to an anonymous audience but to a fellow human being. Through the screen of the confessional, breaking down in tears, she tells the priest everything: ""I want someone to tell me what to wear in the morning. I want someone to tell me what to wear EVERY morning. I want someone to tell me what to eat. What to like, what to hate, what to rage about, what to listen to, what band to like, what to buy tickets for, what to joke about, what not to joke about. I want someone to tell me what to believe in, who to vote for, who to love and how to tell them.  ""I just think I want someone to tell me how to live my life, Father, because so far I think I’ve been getting it wrong — and I know that’s why people want people like you in ",reader
"Trigger warning: Some submissions include stories about sexual assault. I was 22 and was already raising a three-year-old by myself. I’d been using protection with a guy who wouldn’t commit and never wanted children, but I got pregnant anyway. I sold my washer and dryer so I could afford the procedure by myself. If I would have had that baby, I’d be financially crippled and unable to provide for two children who would’ve led tough, tough lives. I regret nothing. —pilard3 I had the procedure done four days before my 19th birthday. I could barely take care of myself, so how could I take care of another human? My family is very Catholic and pro-life, so I never told them. Thankfully my close friends who I did tell were super supportive. I would’ve been a mess without them. Absolutely no regrets. —barbiebarf I was 24. My copper IUD slipped out of place. Strings still felt normal when I checked every month, so I had no idea. I made less than $20,000 at my job and hadn't yet finished school. There was never any doubt. I couldn't bring a child into this world who I wasn't ready or able to support when there are already so many other children waiting to find homes. —alannahn479e47edf Almost six years ago I was in an abusive relationship, and my sanity was already slipping before I found out I was pregnant. Had I not gotten an abortion, I would still be tied to that man, and I don't think I would have survived. —a4c1ecdbc6 I was 18. The condom broke. He wanted me to keep it, but I broke down to my mum and she took me to the clinic. No regrets. Eternal gratitude to my mother for not letting me bow to his wishes when I knew I didn’t want to be a mother, especially before I was really an adult. —jow40688b57c I was 20, insecure, unhappy, and in an abusive relationship. I was on the pill and the condom broke, but I still got pregnant. I had no question about going through with the abortion. My angel has since been the drive behind my getting a degree and striving for the best in ",health
"[The Impeachment Today podcast gets you up to date with the day’s most important impeachment news. Catch up on all the episodes, or subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.] WASHINGTON — House Republicans want to out the identity of the whistleblower whose memo helped trigger the impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump, despite legal protections granting anonymity. Democrats accused Republicans of using Tuesday’s testimony behind closed doors to try to root out the identity of the whistleblower who wrote the now-famous memo alleging Trump demanded a political favor from Ukraine in exchange for military aid. Republicans accused Democrats of shutting down valid questions. The name of who authored that whistleblower complaint has been a closely guarded secret under the provisions of the Whistleblower Protection Act. The person, who is reportedly a CIA officer, has interacted with the House impeachment inquiry via their lawyers, but Trump’s champions in Congress say they should no longer be granted anonymity. “What do you think? Of course,” said Rep. Jim Jordan, when asked if the whistleblower’s identity should be made public. Rep. Mark Meadows, one of Trump’s closest allies, said he is “80% sure” who the whistleblower is, and has narrowed his list down to three or four candidates. He said he does not agree that the Whistleblower Protection Act guarantees blanket anonymity. Meadows said Republicans are not outing the whistleblower — they can’t since they don’t know the identity. “If I had a degree of certainty who the whistleblower is, I promise you I would tell you,” said Meadows. Mark Zaid, one of the whistleblower’s lawyers, told BuzzFeed News that speculating about his client’s identity is “the pinnacle of irresponsibility and is intentionally reckless” behavior by members of Congress who should know better. “The speculative discourse of the name of any person who may be suspected as being the ",politics
"Federal officials are suing Match.com's owner for allegedly tricking customers into signing up for paid subscriptions to the popular dating website and then keeping them as subscribers through ""deceptive"" cancellation policies. According to a press release from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), Match Group, the company that owns a number of dating websites and apps, sent Match.com users fake ""love interest ads"" to entice them to subscribe to the service. Users can create a Match.com account for free and are allowed to browse other profiles, but only those with paid subscriptions are able to see the profiles that liked or favorited them on the website or read the messages they receive. (The subscription cost varies according to the package, but amounts to $20 a month on average.) The FTC is alleging that the company sent emails to nonsubscribers on Match.com about accounts that liked or favorited their account, messaged them on the website, or emailed them all as part of a bid by the company to persuade people to subscribe — even though those accounts had been flagged as fraudulent and were likely run by someone trying to carry out a romance scam. As a result, between June 2016 to May 2018, some 499,691 users had subscribed to Match.com within 24 hours of getting an email about a like or a message from a fraudulent account, the lawsuit stated. Many of those subscribers wound up interacting with a scammer on the website, the FTC said, thereby exposing them to the risk of fraud. When asked about the FTC lawsuit, a Match spokesperson directed BuzzFeed News to a statement on its website disputing the allegations, including that the agency was ""wildly overstating the impact of fraudulent accounts"" and ""mischaracterizing what is encompassed in 'fraudulent.'"" ""The vast majority of the users that the FTC characterizes as 'fraudulent' are not romance scams or similar types of fraudsters, but spam, bots, and other users attempting to use the service for their own commercial ",tech
"Eighty-one women are suing Sharp Grossmont Hospital in San Diego, California, after learning that they were secretly recorded by hidden cameras installed in the hospital's gynecology operating rooms, according to a complaint filed in California Supreme Court last week. From July 17, 2012, to June 30, 2013, roughly 1,800 women were recorded in the three operating rooms at the hospital's women's center, the complaint stated. The motion-sensing cameras recorded video of births, emergency C-sections, miscarriages, hysterectomies, sterilizations, and a variety of other procedures. The videos depicted the women's faces as they entered the hospital rooms for their operations, some were recorded undressing, and some were unconscious during the course of their procedures. None of the women were told they were being recorded. ""It’s such a shocking breach of patient privacy,"" Allison Goddard, the attorney representing the women in the case, told BuzzFeed News. ""I’ve talked to hundreds of women who were affected by it. The response is nearly universal: They just can’t believe it happened."" The laptop cameras were installed on anesthesia carts in the operating rooms to address a drug theft issue at the hospital, Sharp Grossmont spokesperson John Cihomsky told BuzzFeed News. ""The purpose of the three cameras was to ensure patient safety by determining the cause of drugs missing from the carts,"" Cihomsky said. Due to the pending litigation, Cihomsky declined to comment further on the case. A class-action lawsuit against the hospital was originally filed in 2016. The court denied its class certification, as well as the hospital's motion for a summary judgment, so 81 plaintiffs refiled last week. Goddard said they were expecting more women to join the lawsuit. In addition to the breach of privacy involved in filming the women without their consent, the complaint also alleges that the hospital was ""grossly negligent"" in storing and protecting the recordings. The videos were stored on",science
"The novel East Goes West was the first to detail in fiction the experiences of a Korean American in America, by the first Korean American novelist, Younghill Kang. First published in 1937, East Goes West would later inspire the Filipino American Carlos Bulosan’s novel America Is in the Heart, published 28 years later — Bulosan quite openly said that Kang’s success emboldened him to write. Bulosan’s novel was also groundbreaking and inspirational, and so there is a seismic line to draw in Asian American fiction that begins with Kang and extends, in a series of autobiographical novels by Asian American writers, into the present. A line I’ll draw all the way to myself. I was not inspired directly by Kang with my first autobiographical novel, though I can say that East Goes West changed something in me, and that my work after I read it will forever reflect this. Both Kang’s work and his existence changed my sense of belonging to this country, and I can see I inhabit a space he made for me. He is one of those writers whose work has influenced you even if you’ve never read him. I first discovered him more than ten years ago, in 2007, six years after my debut. Discovering him was also painful to me because his experience was so familiar. Like him, I also had felt singular, and that I myself had to be the writer I was looking for in this world. Like me, Kang found that his work and his biography were often conflated. Kang was born in 1903 in Korea, in a small town called Song Dune Chi, whose location is given frequently as “three hundred miles north of Seoul,” in the province of Hamgyong, located on the eastern coast of what is now North Korea, along the border of Russia and China. He was educated in the classics of Chinese and Korean literature at an early age and, disobeying his father, left home to get a science education in Seoul, traveling on foot for those three hundred miles. Upon discovering that the Japanese occupation schools did not teach Western science in Korea",reader
"You can find more resources and information on the American Civil Liberties Union website. It does not include exceptions for victims of incest or rape. ""As Ivey confirmed, the bill was designed to challenge the landmark 1973 decision Roe v. Wade, which established a woman's constitutional right to end a pregnancy, by attempting to legally define a fetus as a person with rights."" Busy Philipps' #YouKnowMe hashtag has sparked thousands of emotional stories and testimonies on Twitter. We want to hear yours. Some responses will be featured in future BuzzFeed post. On Wednesday, Governor Kay Ivey signed the Alabama Human Life Protection Act, which outlaws all abortions in the state unless the woman's life is seriously at risk. The bill won't take effect for another six months, but when it does doctors may face up to 99 years in prison for performing the abortion. Nearly one in four women have had an abortion, and since everyone's experiences and reasons are different, we want to hear your story. Maybe your pregnancy was a surprise, and things like age, location, and cost all played a factor in your abortion. Perhaps you and your partner were trying to conceive, but a health complication occurred and you thought it was best to terminate the pregnancy. Or maybe you accidentally got pregnant in high school, and you knew you just weren't ready to have a child. Everyone's reasons, circumstances, and experiences are different, so sharing your story may help others get a better idea of what you've gone through. Use the DropBox below to share your story in as little or as much detail as you'd like.",health
"A federal judge blocked the most restrictive abortion law in the country Tuesday, a piece of legislation that is almost a complete ban on any abortion procedure in Alabama. The law — which was signed in May and met with nationwide protests — was slated to go into effect Nov. 15, but US District Court Judge Myron Thompson in Alabama issued a preliminary injunction Tuesday morning, blocking it from taking effect “until the court resolves the case in full,” he wrote. On top of banning abortion nearly entirely — it allows the procedure only when the woman’s life is at risk and with no exceptions for pregnancy in the case of rape or incest — the law called for any doctors who performed the procedure to be sentenced to anywhere from 10 years to life in prison. In his decision, Thompson said that while prior Supreme Court decisions on abortion allow for certain regulation of the procedure, the Constitution clearly “forbids the prohibition of abortion prior to fetal viability.” He added that the prevention of bans on abortion before a fetus could live outside the womb is a “bright-line rule,” and that the clinics, patients, physicians, and organizations challenging Alabama’s law are likely to win the case. “The plaintiffs are likely to succeed in showing that the [law] violates an individual’s constitutional right to obtain a pre-viability abortion, and thus that it violates her constitutional rights,” Thompson wrote, “and the defendant agrees.” The defendant, Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall, has acknowledged that legal precedent on abortion goes against the law he is defending. But the law was not introduced, passed, and signed with the expectation it would actually go into effect. Around the time that the Alabama law was passed, several other states with Republican-majority legislatures passed similarly restrictive abortion laws (though Alabama’s was by far the most strict): Mississippi, Ohio, Louisiana, and Georgia passed bans on abortion after about 6 weeks, bef",politics
"Dave Limp, senior vice president of Amazon devices and services, announced the company's new slate of products and features today. The most notable releases: Echo Buds, wireless earbuds with Bose noise cancellation, and Echo Studio, a high-definition Alexa-controlled speaker. The event took place inside of The Spheres, a glass-encased orb filled with exotic fauna adjacent to Amazon's Seattle headquarters. ""I want to talk about Echo Studio. I’ve watched the product evolve over the past year and it’s remarkable. It’s a product that at a $200 price point outperforms many $500 products, and I hope the team is proud of what they’ve achieved,"" said Bezos. The HomePod is currently $299, while Sonos' Play:5 speaker is $499. ""I think there's a role for good regulations and a subpoena would be welcome by all the players. It makes a lot of sense for there to be some standards for how this all works. And that kind of stability would be healthy for the whole industry,"" he told the crowd. On facial recognition regulation, which would affect the company's Rekognition business, Bezos said, ""“It’s a perfect example of where regulation is needed."" The two products are available by invitation only. Frames will be available for $180; the Loop, which has a microphone activated by a button tap, is offered for $130. They're the same price as AirPods, $129, and available for preorder today. The wireless Bluetooth earbuds include five hours of battery life (20 hours including the case) as well as noise reduction by Bose. A double tap turns on noise reduction, and another double tap turns it off. Tap-and-hold activates your phone's native assistant, whether it's Siri or Google Assistant. Ring Indoor Cam, available for $59, has a ""home mode"" feature that will disable audio and video recording when you are home, if you opt in. Eero is a router company that Amazon acquired earlier this year. Today, Amazon announced a new redesigned version of the mesh Wi-Fi product, which is designed to be easi",tech
"Sir David Attenborough is into the sixth decade of his career. In that time, he has appeared on black and white, colour, high definition, and even 3D television. And, over the decades, he has been consistent in educating us about the natural world while also highlighting the grave threats it faces — such as Blue Planet exposing the damage posed by single-use plastics. Now, thanks to his narration on the new natural history series Our Planet, Attenborough will soon be making his debut on streaming television. When it lands on Netflix next month, all eight episodes of the nature series will be available to watch in 190 countries simultaneously. And, with the issue of climate change never more prominent in public and political discourse, this is arguably Attenborough’s most crucial and timely project of all. But in case you were wondering, Attenborough isn't leaving the BBC for Netflix. In fact, Attenborough is due to present a climate change documentary for the British broadcaster later this year. His involvement in Our Planet is directly down to the show’s executive producer, Alastair Fothergill — a filmmaker who has collaborated with Attenborough on other memorable natural history shows such as Planet Earth and Blue Planet — who started his own production company and partnered with Netflix. “My job is not to do the pictures, my job is simply to provide the words and I was very flattered that they invited me to join them,” Attenborough told BuzzFeed News. Another partner on the new series is the wildlife charity WWF, which was the subject of a BuzzFeed News investigation in March — some time after this interview took place — that revealed it was funding paramilitary anti-poaching groups implicated in torture and killings of indigenous people. WWF said it is investigating the allegations. Our Planet certainly matches the scale of productions that viewers now come to expect in the ever-increasing, high-stakes world of natural history filmmaking. It’s taken four years, ",science
"It’s 2019. I’m 24 years old, sitting at my desk at my full-time job, and I’m 2,000th in the online queue for Jonas Brothers concert tickets. And I’m freaking the fuck out. Believe it or not, this spot in line was the result of days of preparation. Phone conferences with my little sister studying abroad in Rome, strategy sessions via text. We’ve been waiting for this day since we were teenagers. Back then, we bought Jonas Brothers CDs on release days, plastered the walls of our bedrooms with their faces, memorized their birthdays and middle names and favorite colors. We wouldn’t beg for tickets that we knew our parents couldn’t afford, but we’d pore over their first-ever concert DVD — the bonus feature of the deluxe edition self-titled album — until we could tell you with our eyes closed the precise moment Joe would leave the mic to plunk out three useless notes on the keyboard while Nick sang lead, or when Kevin was going to do that spin move he used to do all the time because I’m pretty sure he was never actually singing. My love for them knew no bounds. It’s been six years since the boys — the men, now — announced their breakup. In that time, our worlds have changed; degrees have been attained, partners lost, cities moved, novels written. I’ve long since shed the purity ring that I once wore, the one that mirrored those on the hands of the Jonas Brothers. In this world, I’m waiting on a text from a girl that I can’t stop thinking about, whom I want something from that I’m still scared to put into words. And the brothers are all married, unabashedly releasing singles about sex and longing. As a timid, obedient preacher’s kid in the Midwest, I never considered that I’d see a future in which any of these things were possible — such openness about sex, about wanting. It seems that in the decade since their last album, Kevin, Nick, and Joe have all grown up. And somehow, mostly, maybe, so have I. Even in my adulthood, though, I still can’t reconcile what I want with wh",reader
"When Michelle*, 21, was 18, she and her sister were experiencing abuse at the hands of their step-father. Her attempt to leave home was thwarted when an application for Centrelink support was knocked back. She decided to go to headspace, a mental health service for people aged 12 to 25, with over 100 centres through Australia. It focuses on early intervention and services tailored to young people. It also offers phone and online support, as well as help with physical and sexual health, drug and alcohol issues, and life skills. She had previously received headspace services on and off since her early teenage years, and she decided to go back again to a centre in Melbourne’s east. She started regularly meeting with a mental health nurse over the next few months, building up a relationship. Her sessions were helpful, but then the nurse was promoted to a role where he no longer saw patients. Instead of referring her to someone else in headspace, Michelle says the nurse gave her the name of an external person, whom she couldn’t afford to pay. “So my support ended,” she said. BuzzFeed News put Michelle's story to headspace CEO Jason Trethowan, who said headspace, like other services, had capacity constraints. ""Safely moving young people on is something we have to do on an all too regular basis,"" he said. Where headspace does not have capacity or the right clinicians, it will refer people to partners in the mental health system, he said. Michelle recently emailed the same centre saying she needed support and asking for an appointment. She was surprised to find the waiting list was 12 weeks. “In 12 weeks I’m not even going to be in the country, so there’s no point,” she said. “When I was there, when I was in sessions talking to professionals, I found it helpful,” Michelle said. “The issue was that the support didn’t seem to be always available or ongoing.” headspace plays a significant role in both the Coalition's and Labor's promises to address youth mental health in their",health
"WASHINGTON — Massachusetts Rep. Ayanna Pressley is endorsing against a House Democratic colleague and in her state’s crowded Democratic primary to succeed Rep. Joe Kennedy III. Pressley on Tuesday announced she intends to support Jesse Mermell, a progressive activist, in the crowded race to replace Kennedy, who is running for Senate. Mermell is a former nonprofit administrator who served as a top aide to former Gov. Deval L. Patrick. The move makes good on Pressley’s promise to enter the political fray ahead of the 2020 elections, while immediately changing the landscape of what is shaping up to be one of the more hotly contested House Democratic primaries in the country. The seat became open when Kennedy, who has held the seat since 2012, announced he would challenge Sen. Ed Markey. All told, there are six candidates running for Kennedy's seat. In a statement to BuzzFeed News, Mermell said, “For nearly 20 years, I have been moved by the passion and power of Ayanna Pressley and to have her as my first major endorsement in this young campaign is deeply meaningful to me. Our friendship has many of its roots in a shared love for service and a shared commitment to progressive values. I’d be honored to serve alongside her while representing the voices and issues critical to the Fourth District in Congress.” Pressley also announced her support of Jessica Cisneros, a 26-year-old immigration and human rights attorney running against Texas Democrat Rep. Henry Cuellar. (Cisneros points out that Cuellar has voted with Trump nearly 70% of the time, while the congressman contends that his district is more moderate than people think.) Saying she was filled with “pride” and “humility,” Cisneros called Pressley “one of the most outspoken advocates for the disenfranchised” in Congress. “In 2018, Congresswoman Pressley’s victory was fueled by a people-powered coalition, similar to what we’re building in South Texas. I am grateful and proud to have her support and look forward to serv",politics
"Juul, the San Francisco–based company that made vaping popular in the last few years, announced on Wednesday that it would stop all broadcast, print, and digital advertising of its products in the United States. The company's announcement comes amid an influx of vaping-related lung illnesses and deaths across the US. Juul has come under severe criticism for its marketing practices, which critics say target young adults. As a part of this policy change, Juul will also end its “Make the Switch” campaign, which portrays e-cigarettes as a safer alternative to traditional cigarettes and which has come under criticism from the FDA, according to the New York Times. A spokesperson for Juul did not immediately respond to a request for further comment from BuzzFeed News. In addition, the company announced that it would not fight the Trump administration’s proposed ban on flavored e-cigarettes and would comply with whatever policy the government agrees to. As part of the changes announced Wednesday, Juul CEO Kevin Burns stepped down and was replaced by K.C. Crosthwaite, the current chief growth officer of tobacco giant Altria, which owns a 35% stake in Juul. “I have long believed in a future where adult smokers overwhelmingly choose alternative products like JUUL,” Crosthwaite said in Juul’s statement. “Unfortunately, today that future is at risk due to unacceptable levels of youth usage and eroding public confidence in our industry. Against that backdrop, we must strive to work with regulators, policymakers and other stakeholders, and earn the trust of the societies in which we operate. That includes inviting an open dialogue, listening to others and being responsive to their concerns.” Juul has been under fire both in the US and around the world for deceptive marketing practices and getting people addicted to e-cigarettes. New York and Michigan recently banned flavored vape products after nine people died and hundreds more fell sick in a nationwide outbreak of lung illnesses",tech
"In 2007, when Barack Obama was the great progressive hope and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was preparing to graduate from high school, the leading voice of American centrism, and of catchy new slogans, coined a Catchy New Slogan: the Green New Deal. Thomas Friedman, whom online progressives loathed even then, wrote: The right rallying call is for a “Green New Deal.” The New Deal was not built on a magic bullet, but on a broad range of programs and industrial projects to revitalize America. Ditto for an energy New Deal. If we are to turn the tide on climate change and end our oil addiction, we need more of everything: solar, wind, hydro, ethanol, biodiesel, clean coal and nuclear power — and conservation. And in an interview this Friday, the New York Times columnist said he’s pleased with the progress of his progeny. “I’ll take AOC’s Green New Deal over Trump’s pollution new deal any day,” Friedman told BuzzFeed News. “What AOC’s done is say: ‘Here’s my plan to fix this. What’s yours?’” Friedman said he’s “thrilled” that the idea of a Green New Deal is gaining traction in Congress and that presidential campaigns are endorsing the idea of addressing climate change head on because of progressive groups like the Sunrise Movement and representatives like Ocasio-Cortez who’ve been pushing the issue in Congress since January. But he said he thinks that if the country is going to do anything about climate change that the solution needs to be market-based and move further to the political center to bring centrist Democrats and moderate Republicans to the table. “AOC’s and [Sen. Ed] Markey’s plan addresses issues like income gaps and safety with a jobs guarantee and universal health care,” Friedman explained. “The only thing is, what I’ve learned from writing about and covering energy for years, is that energy is a scale problem and if you don’t scale, whatever you’re doing is just a hobby.” “I wouldn’t try to change the climate as a hobby,” Friedman added. “The only thing that g",science
"We’re so excited to announce Rough Magic as BuzzFeed Book Club’s June pick! Lara Prior-Palmer’s captivating memoir describes her impulsive decision at 19-years-old to sign up for ""the world’s longest, toughest horse race” — 10 days on 25 ponies, over 1,000 kilometers of Mongolian grassland — and her surprising success despite having no formal training or qualifications other than a love of horses and great competitive drive. Read an excerpt from her first day of the race below, and join us next month as we dive into the book — posing questions, sharing opinions, and interacting directly with author Lara Prior-Palmer. The jeeps disappear. Riders splay out into the unknown. My pony is slow. We fall from group to group until we’re alone. He plods up a rise in the land, one hour in. I will call him “Brolly” after the leg, because of his speed to the umbrella at the start. “Gelatinous disc of a jellyfish” is the dictionary’s fourth meaning for “umbrella,” and Brolly now drifts in a jellyfish fashion, awaiting a current to carry us. Wild horses often move with the weather. With no coming storms to bluster his backside, Brolly and I fall so far behind I can’t even see any dots of riders ahead. Where to go? I was hoping to follow someone. Every minute I scan the horizon in search of the next station. I almost lose my balance taking in the transparent distances. I can see only sun. Her heat is swelling me, I feel I no longer fit inside my body. Apparently the horse stations, or urtuus, are formed by two or three white gers and a horse line. Earlier in the summer the Derby’s head horseman Unenburen Uyndenbat traveled the steppe with race organizers to ask families if they could bring 30 to 40 ponies together to make an urtuu. Some steppe families have as many as 200 horses and can create a station singlehandedly; others team up with neighboring herders. On the days when the riders are expected to arrive, the selected ponies wait around the urtuu horse lines, and the families ",reader
"Earlier today, Taylor Swift stopped by The Ellen Show for a rare sit-down interview. And during that interview, Ellen DeGeneres asked Taylor a fairly simple question: Do you wash your legs in the shower? Her response had me looking a little bit like this. And Ellen seemed to agree with her leg-washing routine. But I, a woman who does a FULL-body wash from head to toe every day with a bar of soap, was still confused. Sounding a little unsure about her response, Taylor then asked Ellen, ""So, that counts?"" The ""Me"" singer didn't quite agree with Ellen's assumption. Whereas Ellen was just trying to piece together the information Taylor was giving her. Taylor reassures Ellen...""kind of""...that she shaves her leg every day... Ellen was shocked and didn't seem fully convinced, but decided to end the convo with a little humor. Ellen then decided to take a poll on Twitter, which showed the majority of her followers DO wash their legs. But that 25% led to a huge hygiene debate on Twitter. Some were in the same boat as me, wondering how you can shower and skip your legs: While others were confused when shaving cream and soap became interchangeable: Hmmm...well, you already know where I stand on the ""leg washing debate,"" but now I want to hear from you. And now that you're done with that, you can check out Taylor Swift's full interview on The Ellen Show below.",health
"Sen. Kamala Harris said Rep. Katie Hill is a victim of “cyber exploitation,” often called “revenge porn,” telling BuzzFeed News she believes the release of Hill's intimate photos was part of a “campaign of harassment and intimidation” that exposed a double standard for women politicians. Hill, a rising star in the Democratic Party and a close ally of Harris’s, announced she was resigning from Congress on Sunday. Hill was allegedly involved in intimate relationships with multiple staffers. She admitted to one of these relationships and apologized for it. But the websites RedState and the Daily Mail also published barely censored nude photographs of Hill — images she said had come from her estranged husband, a man Hill called “abusive.” “It was clearly meant to embarrass her,” Harris told BuzzFeed News of the photos. “There’s so much that people do about women and their sexuality that’s about shaming them.” Cyber exploitation, or the nonconsensual release of intimate photos, is an issue close to Harris. When she was California’s attorney general, she was the first to criminally prosecute the operator of a cyber exploitation website, which allowed thousands of intimate photos to be put online without the subjects’ consent, and she worked with tech companies to find ways to curb the practice. As a senator, she sponsored a bipartisan bill, which has not passed, making the publication of intimate photographs and videos a federal crime. The bill would require the government to prove “that no reasonable person would consider the shared image to touch on a matter of public concern.” Harris said Monday she “respected” Hill’s decision to resign from Congress, saying she believed “she has to do what’s best for her and her constituents.” “But, you know, let’s also speak the truth that men and women are not held to the same standards,” she said. “I mean, look at who’s in the White House.” The senator said she had spoken recently with the representative, who was one of the first m",politics
"WeWork’s co-president and chief financial officer Artie Minson and vice-chairman Sebastian Gunningham have been named co-CEOs of the company.  Neumann said in a statement: ""While our business has never been stronger, in recent weeks, the scrutiny directed toward me has become a significant distraction, and I have decided that it is in the best interest of the company to step down as chief executive. Thank you to my colleagues, our members, our landlord partners, and our investors for continuing to believe in this great business.” WeWork delayed its IPO last week after investors expressed concern about the company's falling valuation and Neumann's leadership of the company. The We Company has never been profitable and its valuation fell to $15 billion (possibly lower) after being valued at $47 billion earlier this year.  Since the company was founded in 2010, his ""over-the-top"" style has drawn criticism, most recently detailed by the Wall Street Journal. Here are some of the cofounder's most WTF moments. According to the WSJ, ""the flight crew found a sizable chunk of the drug stuffed in a cereal box for the return flight [from Israel], according to people familiar with the incident. The jet’s owner, upset and fearing repercussions of trans-border marijuana transport, recalled the plane, leaving Mr. Neumann to find his own way back to New York."" The story went on to say ""multiple people who have been on planes with him say he often smokes while airborne."" WeWork rebranded as the We Company in January. According to CNBC, ""the We Company acquired the trademark to 'We' from We Holdings LLC, an investment vehicle with Neumann and cofounder Miguel McKelvey, and in exchange received an additional stake worth about $5.9 million."" Following criticism, Neumann returned the payment. In 2018, the company banned red meat, poultry, and pork from WeWork offices to “leave a better world for future generations."" According to the WSJ, ""executives in New York were caught off guard. Wit",tech
"The hardiest urban legend of the US overdose crisis — the idea that deadly amounts of fentanyl are tainting the illicit marijuana market — is being spread by officials at the White House and the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA). At a news conference last week prior to briefing Trump on the crisis, Kellyanne Conway, the White House’s opioid crisis czar, warned of the risks of illicit fentanyl turning up in other drugs, including marijuana. “People are unwittingly ingesting it,” Conway said. “It’s laced into heroin, marijuana, meth, cocaine, and it’s also just being distributed by itself.” Although that is true for heroin, and in some cases cocaine and methamphetamine, fentanyl-laced marijuana is not a real risk, according to experts who are concerned about senior leadership at the White House and elsewhere in the federal government repeating an urban legend. “This is part of a wider fentanyl panic that goes beyond having alternative facts [and] leads to bad decisions,” Northeastern University drug policy expert Leo Beletsky told BuzzFeed News. “It's crazy that this story is coming out from our leaders,” epidemiologist Dan Ciccarone of the University of California, San Francisco, told BuzzFeed News. “It shows that concerns about fentanyl have reached the level of moral panic. Fear outweighs rational evidence. There is scant evidence for cannabis laced with fentanyl.” The US overdose crisis killed around 70,000 people in 2017, sparking a national emergency declaration by President Trump. Fentanyl killed at least 30,000 of those people, CDC statistics suggest. The increasing presence of the drug in the heroin supply on the East Coast, as well as in some batches of cocaine and methamphetamine, is blamed for the surge in overdose deaths, which have more than doubled since 2016. But fentanyl hasn’t shown up in any marijuana seized by the Drug Enforcement Administration, the agency’s Jill Head, a senior chemist, confirmed earlier this month at a National Drug Early W",science
"For a guy without any official web presence or expressed interest in things online, Keanu Reeves goes viral a lot. He's spawned memes when he's looked sad and other memes when he's looked happy. There's a Twitter account, 198,000 followers strong, devoted to ""Keanu doing things"" like wearing a fedora or hanging out on set with Sandra Bullock. Creepshot footage of the actor giving up his seat on the subway or rattling around the Bakersfield airport after an emergency landing has racked up thousands of delighted views. Reeves may have risen to fame as a Gen X movie star (""the most soulful while being the most stoner-bro,"" as the New York Times recently put it), but it was millennials who carved out a permanent place for Keanu in the internet boyfriend hall of fame, as an embodiment of inexpressible melancholy and a figure too pure for this world. The fact that the actual Reeves — like any living, breathing human — is likely a lot more complicated than that has never gotten in the way of how he's been enshrined in the popular imagination, in part because Reeves has never seen fit to fight it. Reeves works hard onscreen, while barely seeming to notice the eyes (and cellphone cameras) that remain trained on him when he's off it. Where other stars attempt to actively sculpt and control their public image, Reeves submits to the sometimes intrusive attention with bemused acceptance, aware of but apparently unbothered by the fact that there's an outsize version of himself living in people's heads. When questioned about it, he tends to be kind: ""Yeah, I guess that’s like an invasion of privacy. They didn’t ask me,"" he told Uproxx of the bus video, the existence of which seemed to be news to him. Then he added, ""They were nice people. We were in it together. We had a nice car ride."" When Reeves went viral again last week, it was for something he definitely knew was being recorded. He was on The Late Show With Stephen Colbert, doing promo for John Wick: Chapter 3 — Parabellum, ",reader
"Bonus points to this mom for hooking her keys to her tank so she doesn't lose them. Sucking snot out of your kid's nose... ...and then feeling proud of yourself as you watch all the snot you sucked drain out. Wearing mesh panties and a pad big enough for a horse. Cleaning baby poop off of more than just your baby's bum. And scooping baby turds out of the tub. Accepting the fact that your body will do what it wants. Getting legit baby marks on your skin. Wearing mismatched shoes. (It's mom brain, OK?) Thinking about your baby in literally every situation. Opening the dishwasher to find this unfortunate situation. And walking into the kitchen unfazed when it looks like this. Doing things like pushing your baby around in a hamper to keep them content. Getting no more than a couple hours of sleep at a time. Dedicating an area in your home to diapers that you stocked up on ’cause they were on sale. And, finally, experiencing firsthand every one of these little surprises. Mom life — it's a whirlwind!",health
"WASHINGTON — The House of Representatives will vote on a resolution formalizing its impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump this week, following attacks from Republicans and the White House and just days after a judge ruled there was no legal requirement to do so. “For weeks, the President, his Counsel in the White House, and his allies in Congress have made the baseless claim that the House of Representatives impeachment inquiry ‘lacks the necessary authorization for a valid impeachment proceeding,’” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi wrote in a letter to her caucus Monday. “They argue that, because the House has not taken a vote, they may simply pretend the impeachment inquiry does not exist.” Pelosi goes on to say that the Republican argument “has no merit” but that the House will vote on a resolution Thursday affirming the inquiry, “including all requests for documents, subpoenas for records and testimony, and any other investigative steps previously taken or to be taken as part of this investigation.” The speaker’s announcement comes just three days after a judge ruled the House was legally engaged in an impeachment inquiry and no floor vote was required to officially open an investigation. The judge also ruled that the House Judiciary Committee should be allowed to view secret grand jury evidence that was part of former special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into foreign interference into the 2016 election. ""Even in cases of presidential impeachment, a House resolution has never, in fact, been required to begin an impeachment inquiry,” District Judge Beryl Howell wrote last week. The White House had previously sent a letter to Congress saying it would not cooperate with the impeachment inquiry, in part because the full House had not voted to authorize the probe. The Trump administration has blocked several officials from testifying already. Last week, a group of Republican members of Congress stormed a secure area to protest private dispositions held b",politics
"The digital product agency MSCHF released a site called M-Journal on Tuesday that will turn any Wikipedia article into a ""real"" academic article. You can screenshot it, you can cite it — and you can send a link to your teacher. What MSCHF did was republish the entirety of Wikipedia under its own academic journal. If you go over to the site, you can search any Wikipedia article or paste in a link, and it'll generate a citation that refers to MSCHF's M-Journal, not Wikipedia. Gabe Whaley, the founder of MSCHF, said the project is a commentary on what he sees as the repetitive and nonessential hoops the academic system makes students jump through. ""For all intents and purposes, most papers should be able to refer to Wikipedia,"" Whaley told BuzzFeed News. ""Wikipedia is a pretty good source."" Whaley said he does know of one college student who has used M-Journal in a paper already and said the professor didn't catch it. M-Journal also generates citations — for MLA, APA, and Chicago styles. One of the funnier parts of the M-Journal is that if your teacher does ask for a link to the academic paper, the site will generate a fairly convincing-looking link. But it has a fake paywall, so you can't see the whole thing. And we all know that no one ever goes past the paywalls on academic journals. ""I can wax poetic all day long, but it's just funny,"" Whaley said. ""It's one of those things that we created a product that tells a story and some commentary on how people live."" This isn't the first tool MSCHF has made to ""help"" the students of America. Last September, it released ""Times Newer Roman,"" which is a font that makes Times New Roman just a bit bigger to make your papers bigger. Whaley said MSCHF usually releases a new project every second and fourth Tuesday of the month. He wouldn't say what the next one is except that it involves shoes. [Editor's note: You probably shouldn't trick your professors with M-Journal, but if you do, maybe make sure the Wikipedia article you're us",tech
"Vice President Mike Pence on Tuesday called for NASA to land astronauts on the moon by or before 2024. Experts called the moonshot idea, which accelerates NASA’s tentative 2028 plans to land astronauts on the moon by three years, ambitious and hugely expensive. “It is our policy to return American astronauts to the moon,” said Pence in a speech in Huntsville, Alabama, ahead of a meeting of the National Space Council. Pence suggested astronauts should land at the moon’s south pole, where some ice is believed to lie hidden in shadowed craters. Pence told NASA to “fail smarter” in developing the lunar landing. “It’s definitely a laudable goal, but also very ambitious,” space policy expert Brian Weeden of the Secure World Foundation told BuzzFeed News by email. “I think it might be possible but only with a serious change to the existing plan and Congressional support, including funding.” NASA has not even been able to launch astronauts into low Earth orbit since the 2011 retirement of the space shuttle program. A private rocket company, SpaceX, is scheduled to return astronauts to the International Space Station later this year. NASA, a $21 billion agency, now spends about $3.5 billion a year on the jumbo Space Launch System (SLS) rocket and the Orion capsule for delivering astronauts beyond low Earth orbit. The administration had sought to accelerate those efforts in its most recent budget proposal to Congress, partly by cutting $600 million from space science budgets. “While the Trump Administration is talking big goals for NASA’s human spaceflight program, they’re not being matched [with] increases in budget. And Congress has so far prioritized jobs in certain districts over speed and efficiency,” Weeden said. “I think a big part of the risk is that the push to go faster might lead to short-term success that’s not sustainable.” The SLS has been repeatedly delayed, and Pence said that if commercial rockets from space firms such as SpaceX or Blue Origin replaced it for",science
"If you were to google “African Game of Thrones,” the vast majority of hits would stem from Marlon James’ recent press blitz for his new fantasy novel, Black Leopard, Red Wolf. James’ novel, about a young man named Tracker who joins a team of supernatural figures to search for a missing boy, has already been optioned for the big screen. It’s no surprise that a concept like “the next Game of Thrones” would garner a lot of enthusiasm — especially as the HBO series comes to a close. Audiences are craving the next big fantasy epic. And amid criticisms that Game of Thrones was too white, what better way to answer that craving than by setting an epic in a mystical African past? The problem, however, as James himself admitted in an interview with the writer Victor LaValle, is that branding Black Leopard, Red Wolf as the African Game of Thrones was initially a joke. “I said that as a joke in a magazine and it took off so much that even [George R.R.] Martin emailed me saying he was so excited.” James’ novel isn’t the first work of African fiction to get Martin’s attention either; in 2017 it was announced that Nnedi Okorafor’s African-futurist novel Who Fears Death is being developed into a series by HBO with Martin attached as executive producer. But James’ novel and Okorafor’s book, about a young woman in a dystopian Sudan who can transform into a bird and visit the mythical Land of the Dead, really have nothing in common with the medieval Game of Thrones. They are, however, indebted to the late Nigerian author Amos Tutuola, who wrote the fantasy The Palm-Wine Drinkard in 1952, the first novel written in English by a West African writer about an African subject. James sprinkled his acknowledgments of Tutuola’s influence throughout his press run for Black Leopard, Red Wolf. A Publishers Weekly profile mentioned the presence of a double volume of Palm-Wine Drinkard and My Life in the Bush of Ghosts beside James’ desk, and James included The Bush of Ghosts in his “recent readin",reader
"  In an interview with Dr Phil, Sophie said Maisie was the only person who understood what she was going through at the time. ""I think being friends with each other was quite destructive because we were going through the same thing,"" Sophie said. ""We would get home from set, go to a little supermarket across the road and just buy food. We'd go back to our room and eat it in bed. We never socialised for a couple of years."" We all know by now that Game of Thrones is about to come to an end, which means a lot of its cast members have been doing some reflecting on how the show changed their lives. In a new interview on Fearne Cotton's Happy Place podcast, Maisie Williams — AKA Arya Stark — opened up about the negative effects fame has had on her mental health since she was cast in the show at13. She said she had experienced a period of time where she was ""very sad"", admitting she would ""crave"" negative criticism online so she could ""sit in a hole of sadness"". Maisie even went so far as to admit there are times when she just wants a ""normal life"", saying the ""crazy, crazy world"" of showbiz is ""not worth it"". Just last month, Maisie's close friend and costar Sophie Turner opened up about her own experience with depression, saying she was seriously affected by negative comments about her appearance on Game of Thrones. Now Maisie says she's been taking time to reflect on her feelings in order to figure out why she's so hard on herself. And she continued to say she's realised the ""first step"" to happiness is to be genuinely herself, rather than whoever other people want her to be ""in the moment"". You can listen to the Happy Place podcast in full here.",health
"Google executives misled their own employees last week when they said a former top Department of Homeland Security official who had recently joined the company was “not involved in the family separation policy,” government emails obtained under the Freedom of Information Act reveal. In fact, Miles Taylor, who served as deputy chief of staff and then chief of staff to former Homeland Security secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, was involved in high-level discussions about immigration enforcement, helping to shape the department’s narratives and talking points as one of Nielsen’s trusted lieutenants. As Nielsen’s deputy chief of staff, Taylor was included on some of the DHS secretary’s emails and privy to her events schedule, often prepping his boss with reports and talking points ahead of public appearances between April and June 2018, when the family separation policy was in effect. In one email obtained by BuzzFeed News, Taylor assisted Nielsen in preparing what he described as the “Protecting Children Narrative” — the department’s spin on a policy that horrified Americans when images of abandoned, caged migrant children in squalid camps emerged. Other emails from Nielsen’s events planner show that he had been scheduled to participate in at least two weekly calls to “discuss Border Security and Immigration Enforcement” in June 2018. Two former DHS officials dismissed Google’s claim that Taylor — who last month joined the company as a government affairs and public policy manager advising on national security issues — could have kept his hands clean from the policy. Nielsen’s staff had a very “tight inner camp” that included Taylor, said one former DHS official, who spoke to BuzzFeed News anonymously to preserve personal relationships. They noted that any policy or decision moving off the secretary’s desk would have had Taylor’s eyes on it. “The idea that you could disassociate from a policy that consumed the entire department while you were deputy chief of staff is ridiculo",politics
"When actor Burt Reynolds died last September, fans across Instagram and Facebook paid tribute to him by posting his 1972 Cosmopolitan magazine centerfold. In the photo, a nude Reynolds reclines on a bearskin rug, his left arm strategically covering his crotch. While an iconic celebrity photo, the image violated Facebook's moderation rules. For one, it featured visible pubic hair (a no-no), and while Reynolds' penis was obscured by his arm, Facebook only allows nonhuman objects covering genitals. So Facebook's third-party moderators followed the rules: Burt’s bush had to go. Fans noticed their tributes being deleted, and they complained on Twitter, which led to media outlets reporting on the debacle. By the next day, Facebook had told the media that the photo was incorrectly removed by automatic nudity detection and that the photos would be restored. However, it wasn’t until four days later that the teams of outsourced moderators who work at firms like Cognizant and Accenture were informed that Facebook had made an exception for Reynolds’ pubes. But by then the news cycle around Reynolds' death was long over. The moderators had needlessly spent untold hours deleting a newsworthy photo and upsetting people trying to pay tribute on Facebook. For moderators at Cognizant and Accenture, this was yet another instance of the confusing, often poorly explained rules and convoluted communication between them and Facebook that make their job nearly impossible. In interviews with BuzzFeed News, former and current moderators described policing content for Facebook as a grueling job made worse by poor management, lousy communication, and whipsaw policy changes that made them feel set up to fail. Hundreds of pages of leaked documents about Facebook's moderation policy were obtained by BuzzFeed News. The documents — which contain often ambiguous language, Byzantine charts, and an indigestible barrage of instructions — reveal just how daunting a moderator's jobs can be. Moderating a ",tech
"They're part of the squash family. This works because it suppresses the bitterness in the pineapple. We also share 99% of our DNA with bananas. The rind is actually very healthy. There are quite a few languages that don't have a name for the color at all. They grow different varieties of the same family, so you could buy a citrus tree that grows lemons, limes, and oranges or a stonefruit tree that grows peaches, plums, and apricots. Scientists think that they mimic a similar looking berry grown in that region to trick birds into carrying their seeds. This is known as Munker's illusion. They can cause digestive problems and tooth decay. A recessive gene can prevent them from being fuzzy and that's what makes the difference. Some days of the year, Alaska can get up to 20 hours of sun. They look like tomatoes because tomatoes and potatoes are both part of the nightshade family. This is all part of it. There are over 7,500 varieties. It's named Synsepalum dulcificum and it can make lemons taste ""as sweet as candy."" Photosensitizing properties in limes make the area more prone to irritation. Other produce that can cause this are celery and parsley. The apples he planted were too bitter to eat alone and the cider was safer to drink than the water. It's sterile and isotonic, and was used in an emergency for a patient on the Solomon Islands. Loofahs are actually edible vegetables. Adding salt to pineapple makes it sweeter. Mushrooms share more DNA with humans than with vegetables. Every part of watermelon is edible. The word ""orange"" was originally named after the fruit, not the color. You can buy fruit salad trees, which grow several different fruits on one plant. The world's shiniest living thing is actually a berry that grows in Africa. Oranges are often sold in red bags because it makes the color of the fruit look deeper. Carrots actually aren't good for rabbits. Peaches and nectarines are the same fruit. Vegetables in Alaska grow oversized because of the amount of sun ",science
"Friendship breakups and feuds are the fuel that keeps reality television afloat. Viewers take sides, reality stars become the hero or villain of the moment, and everyone feels a little dirty about it as the ratings climb. A similarly entertaining — and debased — moral economy rules the world of YouTube beauty vlogs. And this week, the dramatic friendship breakup between YouTube stars James Charles and Tati Westbrook has reverberated across the internet, far beyond the beauty influencer community. If you’re not familiar with either figure, the feud is a little hard to follow. But according to Westbrook, a 37-year-old beauty vlogger who had previously taken Charles, 19, under her wing, it boils down to this: “Fame, power, and a fat bank account will change almost everyone,” she said in a 43-minute video outlining Charles’s wrongdoing against her, uploaded to YouTube on May 10. The video is titled “BYE SISTER ...,” a shady allusion to Charles’s signature salute to fans on his own channel (“Hi, sisters”). That video, which went massively viral and has now accrued more than 40 million views, and has led a large percentage of the internet to declare Charles “canceled,” was all prompted — in peak 2019 form — by a conflict over gummy vitamins and brand sponsorships. But there is a more serious aspect underlying Westbrook’s video, in which she frames herself as a brave truth-teller, speaking truth to power about James Charles. The most inflammatory accusations against her former friend and mentee are #MeToo-flavored: She alleges that Charles uses his fame and influence to “trick” and “manipulate” straight men into thinking they’re gay. “You are using your fame, your power, your money, to play with people's emotions,” she says. “You're threatening to ruin them. You're threatening to embarrass them, and you're doing that to have them behave sexually in your favor, even if they're straight.” Part of what has fanned the flames of Westbrook’s accusations is that Charles fits so e",reader
"A young woman, her pregnant belly visible beneath a blue t-shirt, is walking down the street in Derby, a town of about 3,300 people in Australia’s remote northwest corner. It’s 9am and Derby is already baking under the Kimberley sun, the mercury nudging 33C. Later, it will reach 39C. For visitors, it’s very hot — particularly for May, which across most of Australia is the final month of autumn — but for locals, this time of year marks the start of the dry season, a blessed departure from the sweltering humidity of the wet. It is cool, at least, in the van driven by youth mental health worker Marietta Walkerbier, 38, who is navigating the backstreets, dressed in the colourful polo shirt of the Derby Aboriginal Health Service (DAHS). “Where’s she going?” Walkerbier says to herself as she passes by the woman, before swinging the van around and lowering the window. “You want a lift or you right?” The woman says she is just heading around the corner, but Walkerbier cheerfully insists. “Well, jump in. You might just pop when you’re going home!” As soon as the sliding door closes, with a swoosh and a thud, the questions start. How are you? Where are you getting your antenatal care? Have you had a check-up for the baby? The woman says she missed an ultrasound appointment. “Well you gotta go and check-up just so they can look for baby, how baby growing inside. They can catch if anything wrong straight away,” Walkerbier says, encouragingly. “And no drinking, you know?” Walkerbier pulls up in front of a house. “Alright tidda. Go on,” she says. The woman climbs out. She’s been in the van for 67 seconds. Walkerbier explains this is what's known in Derby as “Toyota therapy”. It takes just over two hours to drive from Broome to Derby, 220km eastward into the vast and rugged Kimberley. The sealed road is bordered by brilliant red dirt, the land on either side dotted with termite mounds and stray cattle that appear to munch serenely, but are prone to dashing across the road. As you ",health
"Rep. Katie Hill is resigning from Congress amid an allegation that she had an inappropriate relationship with a member of her staff. The conservative website Redstate published text messages and photos indicating that Hill had been in a consensual sexual relationship with a woman staffer working for her campaign and that she was also involved with a male staffer in her congressional office. Hill, who is openly bisexual, admitted and apologized for having a relationship with the female staffer, but denied any improper relationship with the male staffer. Hill said those claims came from her husband, who she is divorcing. In her resignation statement, Hill called her husband ""abusive."" The House Ethics Committee recently opened an investigation into the allegation that California Rep. Hill was involved with the male staffer in her office, which would be against House ethics rules. Hill also appears to be a victim of ""revenge porn"": Redstate and British tabloid the Daily Mail also published nude photos of her without her consent. Hill said the person who distributed them should be “punished to the full extent of the law.” “This is what needs to happen so that the good people who supported me will no longer be subjected to the pain inflicted by my abusive husband and the brutality of political operatives who seem to happily provide a platform to a monster who is driving a smear campaign built around cyber exploitation,” Hill said in a statement. Hill said she will continue to pursue “all of our available legal options” over the photos that were published without her consent. Hill, 32, was seen as a rising star in the party. In 2018, she defeated Republican Steve Knight. In the statement announcing her resignation, Hill thanked her supporters and said that she would continue to work to “defeat this type of exploitation that so many women are victims to.” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Hill had ""a bright vision for the future"" and ""has made a great contribution as a leade",politics
"When you create and post an Instagram story in a public space you may be inadvertently giving away far more information about yourself and your movements than you realize. As ubiquitous surveillance intersects with social media data trails, it has become incredibly easy to identify individuals in public places. By cross-referencing just one hour of video footage from public webcams with Instagram stories taken and shared in Times Square, BuzzFeed News was able to confirm the real names and identities of a half dozen people. Modern cities are filled with thousands of cameras, many of them constantly collecting images of people in public spaces. And although some cities have moved to limit the use of facial recognition in policing, almost no restrictions exist on the far more common use of public-facing surveillance cameras, which are capable of capturing individuals and their movements across cities for law enforcement, corporations, and even members of the general public. In the US, there are no laws governing how long companies or individuals can keep these images or what they can be used for. (BuzzFeed News did not use any facial recognition software to identify people in Times Square.) While there have long been CCTV cameras trained on the public, there has been an explosion in recent years. Unofficial estimates put the number of cameras in London, reportedly the most surveilled city outside of China, at one camera for every 14 people. Meanwhile, the rise of social media has meant billions of people are now posting photos of themselves online, often publicly. Every day, more than 500 million people around the world share photos or videos on Instagram alone. This means that publicly available webcams in high-traffic public places make it easy to locate Instagram users in the footage, by tracking stories posted from the same location using geotags and hashtags. Although this is possible with a variety of apps with location tagging, Instagram is an especially effect",tech
"Aleiodes shakirae makes its host (usually a caterpillar) twist and contort its abdomen. Scientists decided to name it after Shakira and her truth-telling hips. Scaptia beyonceae is a horse fly that is solid black with the exception of a gold butt. The fly's unique bum made researchers think of the Destiny's Child hit ""Bootylicious."" Aptostichus bonoi is native to Joshua Tree National Park and is named after the U2 frontman and their 1987 album The Joshua Tree. The scientist who discovered Conobregma bradpitti was a huge fan of the actor and even had a poster of him on the wall of her laboratory. Desis bobmarleyi gets its name from Bob Marley's song ""High Tide or Low Tide"" because it lives in a high tide/low tide habitat. There are 19 species under this genus including Gaga germanotta, to honor the artist's last name, and Gaga monstraparva, which translates to ""little monsters."" Its DNA sequence also spells out GAGA. The 40th anniversary of the band and the discovery of these species must've coincided. These species are called Heteragrion freddiemercuryi, H. brianmayi, H. rogertaylori, and H. johndeaconi. Leucothoe eltoni has an appendage that's reminiscent of the boots that Elton John wore in Tommy. He played Spider-Man and it's a genus of spider crab so it makes sense. Andrew Garfield also has an animal named after him because of his stint as Spider-Man. The first part of the name Metallichneumon neurospastarchus pays homage to the band. Because it's a parasitic wasp, the second part of the name refers to the album ""Master of the Puppets."" ""Neurospastarcus"" is ""ruler of the puppets"" in Greek and references the lifeless and brain-dead nature of the wasp's hosts. The ant, Sericomyrmex radioheadi, was named after Radiohead due to their conservation efforts and because the band ""is an excellent companion during long hours at the microscope while conducting taxonomic revision of ants."" The genus, Pinkfloydia, has very unique and strange morphological features, and the s",science
"In the history of movies, it's possible that there have been cuter corporate creations than the title character in Pokémon Detective Pikachu. But right now I can't think of any. I can only think about Pikachu. Pikachu has velvety, computer-generated fur. He has round brown eyes and round pink spots on his cheeks; and when he's surprised his mouth is also round, turning him into a collection of endearingly arranged circles. He's an astonishing 3D rendering of what is, let's face it, basically a squiggly line drawing. He speaks with the voice of Ryan Reynolds, for reasons I will not divulge because they are spoilers, and is addicted to coffee for reasons that I definitely missed if they were ever explained, but that I assume are an excuse to see his tiny little paws wrapped around tiny little cups. He exudes such intense levels of adorableness that consuming a full 104-minute movie about him feels potentially toxic, like that time Jeremy Piven said he got mercury poisoning from eating too much tuna. Detective Pikachu is, technically, based on a 2016 video game about a young man named Tim Goodman (played by Justice Smith in the movie) who searches for his missing father with the help of a talking, deerstalker cap–wearing Pikachu. But the mystery, involving nefarious experiments and a drug that makes Pokémon go feral, is mostly an excuse to render some part of the vast, multitentacled Pokémon universe — which, in addition to games, spans an anime series, toys, trading cards, comics, and generations — into something resembling the real world. The movie takes place in a slightly futuristic Ryme City, where people and Pokémon live side by side. If the idea of trying to extract a logical narrative out of a franchise based on the urge to collect and cultivate magical creatures sounds difficult, in practice Detective Pikachu makes it look easy. The movie offers up merch that talks, a digitally manufactured combination pet and pal. Every human character in the movie has a regu",reader
"All jokes aside, if some of the things in this list are familiar, you might want to look into ways to take care of yourself. So, here are some quick resources:You might want to learn more about starting therapy, since pretty much everyone can benefit from talking to a professional.You can learn more about mental illnesses here.And if you need to talk to someone immediately, the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 1-800-273-8255. Other international suicide helplines can be found at befrienders.org. You can also text TALK to 741741 for free, anonymous 24/7 crisis support in the US from the Crisis Text Line. An item in this list has been removed to reflect BuzzFeed’s editorial standards. UPDATE",health
"BALTIMORE — Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, and other dignitaries celebrated the life of Elijah Cummings on Friday — and, in eulogizing him, defended him as a pillar of honor and integrity even as he was drawn into a messy, public spat with President Donald Trump in the final months of his life. No one mentioned Trump by name, but Cummings’ widow, Maya Rockeymoore Cummings, made clear that attacks from the president had worn on Cummings. Over the summer, Trump had called the late congressman a “bully” and in racist tweets, called Cummings’ beloved Baltimore a “rat and rodent-infested place.” Rockeymoore Cummings told the hundreds of mourners who gathered to say farewell to her late husband that those attacks had “hurt him.” “What Congressman — Chairman Cummings did was not easy. And it got infinitely more difficult in the last months of his life, when he sustained personal attacks and attacks on his beloved city,"" Rockeymoore Cummings said. “And while he carried himself with grace and dignity in all public forums, it hurt him."" Former president Obama said that Cummings’ voice — a deep baritone and “prophetic” — was comforting during the good times but essential during hard times. Cummings, he said, was a man of honor and integrity. Obama didn’t mention Trump by name, but it was clear his words were about a contrast between the two men. “There's nothing weak about looking out for others. There's nothing — there's nothing weak about being honorable,” Obama said. “You're not a sucker to have integrity and to treat others with respect. I was sitting here and I was noticing the ‘Honorable’ Elijah E. Cummings. You know, this is a title that we confer on all kinds of people that get elected to public office.” Obama has been reluctant to openly criticize Trump, but paused for a beat or two, as if to hammer home his point. “But Elijah Cummings was honorable before he was elected to office,” Obama added. “There’s a difference if you were honorable and treated others honorably.",politics
"HONG KONG — When Isaac Cheng saw three men standing near the door of his apartment on an evening in early September, he didn’t think anything of it. But when Cheng, 19, pulled out his keys and moved to open the door just as he normally would, one of the men swung his fist at his left eye. As Cheng’s glasses fell off, another man’s fist landed on the same eye. “Why are you doing this?” he asked. His face was swollen and scratched in a photo posted on Twitter. The men, whom Cheng described as middle-aged and wearing gold chains, didn’t say much other than shout profanities at him. After a few minutes, a neighbor called out from a window and the men ran off, Cheng said. The whole incident happened so fast that Cheng barely had time to process it. “I wasn’t thinking about anything,” he told BuzzFeed News. “It wasn’t until later that I realized it was probably for my role in the protests.” Cheng is the vice chair of Demosisto, a pro-democracy organization led by Joshua Wong, a former leader of the 2014 Umbrella Movement and now part of the mass pro-democracy protests that have crippled Hong Kong for months. The attack against Cheng hadn’t come out of nowhere. In late August, Cheng saw his personal information — including his address, phone number, and Facebook accounts — listed on a website alongside those of other protesters. He shared a screenshot with BuzzFeed News. On Aug. 31, a day that one of the many weekend protests had turned violent, Cheng’s phone was flooded with phone calls. The same thing happened when Demosisto organized a student strike on Sept. 2, the first day of school in Hong Kong and the day Cheng was attacked. The calls were so frequent it was hard to use his phone. “They just wanted to block out any communication,” Cheng said. On another occasion, Cheng said someone had tried to access his Telegram account, but failed because he had two-factor authentication in place. Cheng believes the website that doxed him by publishing his personal information o",tech
"Kids around the US and the globe are ditching school on Friday to call out adults for not doing enough on climate change. “When you don't have anything other than your voice, you have to use it,” Haven Coleman, a 12-year-old striker in Denver told BuzzFeed News. “We have to fight for our future because adults aren't doing anything.” The growing global movement started as a solo effort. Greta Thunberg, a teenager with Asperger's syndrome who often wears pigtail braids, first protested Aug. 20, 2018, outside the Swedish parliament building in Stockholm, handing out flyers with climate facts on them, and then kept coming back. But it was only after she addressed climate officials gathered in Poland last December in a blunt and biting speech that her #FridaysForFuture campaign went mainstream, drawing massive crowds in the streets of London, Hamburg, Brussels, and more. “You say you love your children above all else, and yet you are stealing their future in front of their very eyes,” Thunberg said in Poland. “Until you start focusing on what needs to be done rather than what’s politically possible, there is no hope. We cannot solve a crisis without treating it as a crisis.” This week is set to bring the biggest strikes yet, with possibly hundreds of thousands of people protesting in more than 100 countries. Thunberg will be in Stockholm, according to her spokesperson. The movement has not yet taken off in the US as it has in Europe. But that’s poised to change this week, with more than 150 events planned across the country, including in big cities like Washington, DC, New York City, and San Francisco. Like Thunberg’s solitary start, Coleman has been striking mostly by herself every Friday this year around Denver, from a hospital to a Home Depot to the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment. With her mom driving her around, Coleman alternates each week between protesting in the morning for about an hour before school (often missing part of her homeroom clas",science
"Infertility is a lonely thing to go through — few people talk about it openly. During my own five-year struggle to have a baby with my husband, I became keenly aware of this stigma, and how poorly women with infertility in particular are reflected in books, on screens, and online. When pop culture and news media represented us at all, it was in ways that were at worst scornful and at best inaccurate and formulaic. Every sitcom plot line ended with a surprise pregnancy, every well-meaning news article began and ended with the IVF process, and the majority of books on the topic were in the self-help genre, focused more on helping women conceive than on infertility’s emotional and social impact. They all ended with a baby. Most troublingly, the popular image of infertility is that of an upper-middle-class, white, straight-partnered woman in her mid-to-late thirties, a stereotype that erases the significant experiences of black, indigenous, poor, and LGBTQ women who face barriers to diagnosis and treatment. This isolation makes the stories that do get it right all the more important for those of us seeking community and meaning. The following are books I found that I thought provided special insight and guidance into the process of trying to conceive, adopt, or live childfree after infertility. Some of them surprised me — the books I found resonated most weren’t necessarily by women, or even about infertility — but, for me at least, they hit on some key aspects of the desire and struggle to build a family that includes children in ways that made me feel not only less alone, but proud of my story — with all of its complexity, trauma, and triumph. Harpers and Atlantic essayist Belle Boggs takes her own struggle to conceive a child as a starting point for a wide-ranging, fascinating deep dive into the history, politics, and sociology of fertility, exploring everything from how animals “brood” for offspring to the forced sterilization policies of mid-century America. This i",reader
"It's totally normal to feel more tired than usual when starting the keto diet. And don't be surprised if you're suddenly taking more trips to the bathroom — you are making a major change in what you eat, after all. Flu-like symptoms are common for those starting the keto diet for the first time, Staying hydrated and consuming enough fat are essential for a quick recovery. Creating any grocery list is hard enough as it is. Make sure your shopping cart is loaded with foods that are high in good fats, and don't even THINK about stepping into the pastry aisle. Products that contain natural sweeteners, like stevia, are fine to have while you're on the keto diet. No need to say goodbye to your favorite foods! Substitute Parmesan crisps for salad croutons and go bulletproof with your coffee. Some alcoholic beverages — like vodka and gin — are actually low in carbs. Wine lovers should opt for drier varieties, like the pinots. Half-and-half and heavy whipping cream are better for your coffee because they contain fewer carbs than whole milk. Some sugar-free syrups, like vanilla and cinnamon dolce, contain just one carb per pump. Always remember that the beauty of Starbucks is that you can always ask for less! You can still enjoy a double cheeseburger minus the ketchup and buns. And the bacon egg bites from Starbucks are already low in carbs — no adjustments needed! There are more swaps than you think, and you can find them on the @ketohackershop Instagram account. Good news for guac lovers: You don't have to cut this from your order. Sour cream and cheese sauce are also A-OK. Some dairy products contain more carbs than others, so make sure you choose wisely! Stay away from dried and canned fruits since they're high in added sugar and therefore not keto-friendly. Instead, go for fresh berries. Not all leafy greens are made equally — spinach tends to be lower in carbs than lettuce and cabbage. Though highly addictive to snack on, cashews are actually much higher in carbs than p",health
"This is one of those places you go for Instagram. The Manhattan Bridge looms, immediate and substantial, over a cobblestone street, framed on either side by a pair of old brick buildings; if you’re standing in the right spot, you can see the Empire State Building through one of the bridge’s uprights. Imagine a woman, young and ambivalent, staring into the middle distance, white sneakers aglow in the dawn, bridge overhead. This area of Brooklyn, once home to abandoned factories and warehouses, now hosts an annual festival for $3,000 German cameras. All of this could be depressing, conceptually: Thousands and thousands of us cycling through a location for the same photo, then posting it to Instagram, a platform on which you’ve probably seen this photo and will see it again, an endless loop of likes. Restaurant owners think now about how a certain floor tile might look on Instagram, and light the room for the phone’s camera instead of the table; businesses paint ridiculous murals on walls, with human-size white space, so you’ll pop by and pose, ironic or earnest, between technicolor angel wings; Instagram stories of places and people extend out into the jittery forever. And yet, on nice evenings in early September, on a half block of staggering wealth, the photo line can seem less like a grim tribute to our alienated reality and more like a fun carnival. You know those little cartoons of a city, where a guy in a beret with a poodle is walking past a baguette-carrying chef in front of a pencil drawing of the Eiffel Tower? Here in Brooklyn, the tall, thin women in silver Birkenstocks pass by groups of two German tourists and three Chinese tourists. “Car coming!” a man shouted every few minutes one night; a Carvel ice cream truck would inch by, followed by a silver Mercedes G-Class, all while the Q train blared overhead as the metal subway cars crossed the steel bridge. Here a couple would pose in black tie; there some teens would be texting on the curb. Here a black Rang",politics
"The Highwomen is an all-female quartet, whose self-titled album debuted at No. 1 on Billboard's top country albums list — and people are complaining that requests to play the group's music on Amazon Alexa–powered smart speakers are being misheard. Alexa is playing the Highwaymen instead. A BuzzFeed News test found the same result on the Google Home speaker. The Highwaymen is a 1985 collaboration between Johnny Cash, Willie Nelson, Waylon Jennings, and Kris Kristofferson. The Highwomen, which came together earlier this year, is comprised of Brandi Carlile, Maren Morris, Amanda Shires, and Natalie Hemby. Last week, a billboard with an Amazon Music logo, seemingly intended to promote the new album, was spotted in Nashville. It read, ""Alexa, play the new album by the Highwomen."" A test by BuzzFeed News confirmed that the advertised command, as well as ""play the Highwomen,"" prompts music from the Highwaymen instead on an Amazon Echo and Google Home speaker. Gmail's spellcheck feature also suggests ""The Highwaymen"" when you type ""The Highwomen."" Another billboard in Times Square reads, ""Alexa, play Redesigning Women,"" a command that does, in fact, prompt Alexa to play the correct song. Twitter user @fallingwater37 said Amazon support blamed Spotify for the error. Amazon, Spotify, and Google did not immediately respond to requests for comment. ""Oh, the irony,"" tweeted writer Staci D. Kramer of the issue. While the Highwaymen is the group's namesake, the Highwomen was born out of an initiative to tell authentic stories from women's perspectives. ""[Women] tell the story of half of the human race, and when that's not represented in the arts, then half of our stories are not getting told to our little girls. I think that's not a menial problem — that's a really big problem,"" explained Carlile in an interview with CBS. ""Over the course of [the past] year, we started talking about how to include other women and how to make it into less of a band and more of a movement."" In an an",tech
"The head of the US National Institutes of Health, Francis Collins, on Wednesday endorsed an international halt to the genetic engineering of babies for the next five years. The NIH endorsement of a “designer baby” moratorium follows the November announcement by biophysicist He Jiankui, of China’s Southern University of Science and Technology, that he had genetically engineered two twin girls. The news sparked condemnation from scientists and promises from the Chinese government that the scientist would be “sternly dealt with.” “An international moratorium should be put into effect immediately,” Collins said in a statement about a moratorium proposal published by an international group of scientists today in Nature. The risks to children from such experiments, and fear that possibly dangerous genes will be dealt to future generations this way, outweigh the benefits of removing disease-linked genes from babies, they argued. Dr. He used a gene-edited method called CRISPR on the twins, as well as a reported second pregnancy, to disable an HIV-susceptibility gene. Some scientists, such as Eric Topol of the Scripps Research Translational Institute, have raised concerns about potential unintended effects of the gene edits on the twins, named LuLu and Nana. The call for a moratorium on genetic modification of human sperm, eggs, or embryos was made by 18 scientists from seven countries led by MIT and Harvard Medical School professor Eric Lander. They are asking countries worldwide to voluntarily pledge not to approve such genetic editing unless questions about safety are answered. Topol, who was not part of the group, endorses the effort. Reckless gene editing, he told BuzzFeed News, “has significant implications for the human species — and it’s hard to get more serious or far-reaching than that.” Topol is worried, however, that China’s CRISPR twins may have already opened the door to more dangerous experiments. “My concern is whether it will be effective, since we saw a rog",science
"I’m having trouble remembering why I did this, but earlier this year I moved to a new city, which inevitably means I have to at least try to make new friends. This is a harder experience at 28 than it was when I did my last move at 17. Back then I was much more malleable, and actually excited about my first day at a university that still asks me for money even after all the money I’ve already given it. Making friends in a big city is hard enough if you aren’t afflicted with my specific condition, which is that I’m personally unpleasant. I’m brusque and bossy, and from what I gather, finding a friend requires at least an introductory period of being nice, which I am completely uninterested in faking. Do you know there are people in the world who don’t make fun of their friends? They just hang out with each other and find little ways to be supportive, to foster a community of generosity and kindness, and not once do they maybe hit the top of their friend’s beer bottle with the bottom of their beer bottle and watch them struggle to contain all the suds that bubble up to the top, and then they laugh and laugh and laugh, not with them but, rather, at them. Some people make friends not by attacking new people into submission but by having dinner with them. They don’t even pretend they forgot their wallet at home to get their friend to pay for the meal! Dumb! If I do want to be friends with anyone at all in this new place, and if I can’t immediately and directly attack them when I first meet them, I at least need to find sly ways to make them feel worse, thereby cementing that they’re someone I am willing to give my time and energy to. There has to be a way for me to pinpoint their weaknesses and strong-arm them into a friendship so that I have someone to hang out with the next time I want to watch a Raptors game. (Once a year?) In terms of personally attacking my friends — or, as it were, my potential friends — nothing has been a more useful tool than Co–Star, the astrolo",reader
"Oh, and that's not really Jason Momoa, that's my co-worker Christopher Hudspeth who wishes he was him. Jason has worked with celebs like John Krasinski, Jessica Biel, Mandy Moore, Alison Brie, Chloë Grace Moretz, and many more. It is a free, two-week program where Jason walks you through each workout with step-by-step videos. Don't let the above pic fool you, it was taken after only the first rep. I was intensely sweating by the end of it. As someone who only does cardio as a workout, this regime was very challenging for me. I was sore in new parts of my body. In conclusion, I think if someone were to do these workout for an extended period of time, they would definitely be stronger with visible muscle definition. I feel like going forward I am going to incorporate these new workouts into my routine. If you want to try Brie's workout for yourself, you can download the Playbook app on your phone. Hi, Marvel fans! I'm Krista and sometimes I like to pretend I'm Daenerys Targaryen. But this time, I've decided to switch things up a bit. It's time for me to be Captain Marvel. To physically prepare for the role of Captain Marvel, Brie Larson worked with celebrity trainer Jason Walsh. So, I met with Jason at his gym, Rise Movement, to go through the exercises he did with Brie. Normally, the only workouts I do are running or cycling, so the reps he had me do definitely left me winded. The moves were all about strengthening and toning (obvs since Brie was a superhero in the movie).` The workout definitely challenged parts of my body that I usually don't train at all. After our session, Jason told me his workouts with Brie were on a fitness app called Playbook. He said I could use the app as a guide on my own (it was very helpful). So, following the app, I decided to do the workouts for two weeks. Some of them could actually be done at home, like this resistance band exercise. There were three workouts per week, and each workout was an intense 45 minutes. Here is an unflatteri",health
"Google has been removing questions from an internal company message board about its hiring of a former Department of Homeland Security staffer who once publicly defended the Trump administration’s Muslim travel ban. Ahead of an all-hands meeting on Thursday at Google’s Mountain View, California, headquarters, management twice deleted inquiries about Miles Taylor, the chief of staff of former DHS secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, who joined the company last month as a government affairs and public policy manager. In response, some employees have expressed anger in emails and group messages, asking why the company hired and shielded a former Trump administration member who helped implement policies Google and its executives had previously protested. On Wednesday, a question addressing Taylor’s hire on Dory, an internal service that allows employees to ask and vote on inquiries to be put to management, had garnered about 2,000 upvotes before being removed. BuzzFeed News reported Monday on Taylor’s hiring. “Google has hired a former DHS Chief of Staff who defended policies including family separation and Muslim ban,” read one now-deleted post seen by BuzzFeed News, and confirmed by three employees. “Prior to hire, was the psychological safety of impacted communities at Google considered? How can we respect Google’s [diversity, equity, and inclusion] values and avoid hiring those who dehumanize marginalized groups?” The backlash against Taylor’s employment and the subsequent attempts to squash discussion on the matter is just the latest struggle for the search and advertising behemoth to balance workers' free expression with corporate harmony. Last month, Google settled with the National Labor and Review Board over complaints that it had stifled workplace dissent, leading the company to confirm that it would not prevent employees from discussing workplace issues. Google still has certain policies for workplace and political discussions, though the company declined to comment o",politics
"YouTube attempted to update its user verification program on Thursday. The result, however, wasn't a clear change to how the video platform manages the identities of its users and brands. Instead, it became complete chaos as creators tweeted, blasting YouTube for stripping them of their checkmarks. BuzzFeed News reached out to YouTube for comment and was directed to their blog post about the changes. According to the blog post on Thursday, YouTube planned to reduce confusion about what being verified meant. They introduced a new look that was supposed to help distinguish the official channel of a creator, celebrity, or brand. Instead of a checkmark, it'll be a gray box instead. Before the change this week, YouTube’s system allowed anyone with more than 100,000 subscribers to be verified. Now, YouTube will verify channels with a “clear need for proof of authenticity."" Verification has been an important issue for creators. After the changes this week, creators will no longer apply for verification, it'll just be doled out by the platform. The confusion on Thursday about what the changes would actually mean seemed to stem from emails that creators began receiving about their verification status. Creators losing their checkmarks received an email that read, ""We're writing to let you know that we're updating the eligibility criteria for channel verification on YouTube. Unfortunately, with these changes, your channel no longer meets the criteria to be verified."" This obviously caused a commotion, leaving mid-tier influencers panicking that their channels would be in danger. YouTube then had to issue another statement, explaining that no one lost a verification badge on Thursday. They said if a creator received an email saying they would be losing the badge, it was an advance notice and they could appeal the decision. The late clarification about what was actually happening did little to quell the anger from YouTubers on social media. ""I’m really sorry to the creators who ",tech
"Norman ""Ned"" Sharpless, the head of the National Cancer Institute and a cancer researcher and physician, will lead the Food and Drug Administration as acting commissioner, the Department of Health and Human Services announced on Tuesday. Sharpless will take over for the current commissioner, Scott Gottlieb, who announced last week that he would resign — a departure that came as a surprise to many. Sharpless will not necessarily have the job permanently, however. To become commissioner, he will have to be appointed by President Trump and confirmed by the Senate. Trump appointed Sharpless to lead the National Cancer Institute, the agency that oversees cancer research within the National Institutes of Health, in the fall of 2017. Before that, Sharpless was a cancer researcher and hematologist-oncologist at the University of North Carolina, where he had led the UNC Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center since 2014. He has conducted research into how normal cells age and turn into malignant tumors. One of Gottlieb's most high-profile initiatives during his tenure was cracking down on the e-cigarette industry for fueling a rise in teen vaping. His departure raised concerns among public health advocates that the FDA would ease up on enforcement in his absence. But they may take comfort in the fact that Sharpless has publicly supported the agency's policies to curb the use of e-cigarettes. His appointment may be less comforting news to e-cigarette manufacturers, however. In Sharpless's place, the National Cancer Institute will be run by current deputy director Doug Lowy, according to the HHS.",science
"Expectant; or, American women are more likely to diein childbirth than women in any other developed country and black women make up fifty percent of those mortalities When I reached St. Peter, he was too small to crawl. I introduced myself as someone's mother, and he consulted his big Book of Roles.  Stand there, said Peter, pointing to the line with all the other hopeless mothers.  But, I said, I've been there all along.  The woman in front of me had been reading Lamentations for hundreds of years. I needed to hear my baby breathing, but couldn't over all her tears.  Give me a ribbon, said Peter, who sucked the silk.  Give me your hand, said Peter. He suckled my thumb.  My hair still grew fast as a pregnant woman's.  My fingernails, short when I arrived that evening, needed cutting soon.  Give me your papers, said Peter. Then he gummed them. I don’t trust my eyes, he said, but believe in this mouth.  Give me your heart, said Peter. I hadn't slept that long in ages: five hours, six hours, seven.  Stop this, I said. Stop now. Expectant; or, What the Transition Phase of Labor Confirmed about Being a Black Woman in America  I thought I would say, now! and a new life would suddenly crown— another beautiful, ordinary head driven to split me wide open.  ————But look at me. Still on my hands and knees—still pushing. ● Camille T. Dungy was named a Guggenheim fellow in 2019. She is the author of the essay collection Guidebook to Relative Strangers: Journeys into Race, Motherhood and History (W.W. Norton, 2017), a finalist for the National Book Critics Circle Award, and four collections of poetry, most recently Trophic Cascade (Wesleyan UP, 2017), winner of the Colorado Book Award. She has also edited anthologies including Black Nature: Four Centuries of African American Nature Poetry. Her honors include NEA Fellowships in both poetry (2003) and prose (2018), an American Book Award, and two NAACP Image Award nominations. She is a professor at Colorado State University.",reader
"""We interviewed more than 3,000 gay and bisexual men at the Melbourne Sexual Health Centre and found that kissing is associated with throat gonorrhoea,"" Melbourne epidemiologist and co-author of the study Eric Chow told BuzzFeed News. Published today in Sexually Transmitted Infections, an official journal of the British Association of Sexual Health and HIV, the study shows the first empiric evidence that gonorrhoea may be transmitted from one man’s throat to another man’s throat through tongue-kissing. Previously, it had generally been assumed that oropharyngeal gonorrhoea could only be acquired from an infected penis or anus, not from another man’s oropharynx (the part of the throat at the back of the mouth behind the oral cavity). Chow said the results suggest kissing with or without sex may be a risk factor for the infection, but that it has to be significantly more than a peck on the cheek. ""There needs to be enough time to have saliva exchange between the individuals,"" he said. ""Like a French kiss."" Strains of gonorrhoea that are resistant to antibiotics are becoming more common in many countries, sparking concerns the infection will become increasingly difficult to treat. ""We are running out of antibiotics to treat it,"" Chow said. ""There are cases of antibiotic resistant gonorrhoea not only in Australia but globally it is emerging as a public health issue as it could become untreatable."" Gonorrhoea can infect the throat, anus, urethra, cervix and eyes. It can be diagnosed via a urine sample or swab from the infected area and is treated with antibiotics. While public health campaigns to curb the spread of throat gonorrhoea among gay and bisexual men have focused on promoting condom use, Chow said the study might open up other preventive options such as antibacterial mouthwash. ""If you can get [throat] gonorrhoea from kissing without having sex it means even if you use a condom you might not be protected against it,"" he said. ""We are doing a clinical trial in Me",health
"WASHINGTON — Nothing kills a global political scandal like a debate about process, and that’s exactly what Republicans are betting on. Democrats are pushing a relatively simple narrative — that President Donald Trump demanded a political quid pro quo from a foreign leader, dirt on his political opponents in exchange for military aid. Republicans are burying that under a mountain of process objections. These include that the impeachment inquiry is behind closed doors, that the whistleblower remains anonymous, that the House didn’t formally vote to kick off an impeachment inquiry, that administration lawyers are not allowed in the hearings, that the scope of the inquiry is not defined, that House members outside of certain committees cannot see evidence, that the White House cannot challenge evidence, and that the committees’ Republicans were not granted subpoena powers. Republicans frequently respond to questions about Trump’s Ukraine dealings with answers about how the House is conducting its impeachment inquiry. During a press conference with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Tuesday, Fox News reporter Chad Pergram said that every time journalists ask about Trump, senior Republicans deflect to talking about process. “Are you willing to defend the president in this matter?” asked Pergram. McConnell responded: “I’m willing to talk about the process in the House.” On Wednesday, dozens of House Republicans made headlines by storming the House’s secure hearing room in a protest over secrecy. They ended up shutting down the inquiry for five hours. On Thursday Sen. Lindsey Graham and 35 other Senate Republicans signed a resolution denouncing the House’s impeachment inquiry. Graham called the process “at its core un-American.” It appears not so much that the parties are fighting, but that they’re on different planets altogether. Democrats spent the week focusing on testimony from former ambassador to Ukraine Bill Taylor that he was told Trump did demand that Ukrainian",politics
"Note: Sega provided this console free of charge but BuzzFeed was under no obligation to review it. It has two ports on the back: one HDMI (display output) and the other micro USB (power). There are two USB ports in the front for controllers. The USB ports are a big win over the SNES Mini, which has those Wii controller ports. This should be much more flexible in the long run for third-party controllers. (The power switch is legit, and is how you turn the console on and off.) Obviously it doesn't actually take cartridges, but maybe you could store some Q-tips or a very small Chapstick in there or something. The controller felt fine in my hands, but I did experience some double-presses with the D-pad. Playing a game like Sonic the Hedgehog or Comix Zone was fine, but playing Tetris was tough. I found that my button presses felt either a tad slow to respond, or were over-responsive.  Of course, some of this might just be an adjustment back to old software for someone who hasn't played a Sega console in years and is used to the very snappy Tetris 99 on Switch. Also, I just kinda suck at Tetris, so... Obviously you get Sonic and Sonic 2, but there's also Altered Beast, the very creative Comix Zone, Earthworm Jim, Street Fighter II, and a bunch of other classics. What's especially cool is that switching the operating language to Japanese will change the whole UI, and even add the Japanese-only Puyo Puyo to the games list! You can check out the Genesis Mini site for the full list of games. There are a few glaring omissions, such as Mortal Kombat or Disney's Aladdin, but overall the list is pretty great. Other features include a ""save state"" system, where you can save at any point during any game and load it up later. As of yet, the Genesis Mini doesn't have the ""rewind"" feature that the SNES Mini has. It also makes the whole system that much more portable. Honestly, the controllers will probably take up more room than anything. Even if the controllers bother you, there wil",tech
"Under a new settlement with the federal government, a Texas compounding pharmacy will be allowed to stay in business under certain conditions after it allegedly made an eye injection that partially blinded at least 68 patients. As BuzzFeed News reported in September, the patients say that the company, Guardian Pharmacy Services, made a faulty, knockoff version of a drug called TriMoxi, which was injected into their eyeballs as part of routine cataract surgeries in late 2016 and early 2017. They say they were told that the medication would speed up healing, when in fact it irreversibly damaged their vision. The patients’ injuries underscored the relatively little regulation that holds compounding pharmacies accountable, despite recent efforts to strengthen federal oversight. On Monday, a federal court in Texas ordered Guardian to stop producing compounded sterile drugs until it complies with the federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and other requirements. The company must also pay the costs of the FDA’s future efforts to ensure that it is complying. In a March 6 complaint, the Department of Justice found that Guardian had committed multiple safety violations, ranging from having unclean lab environments to mislabeling drugs to failing to have required patient prescriptions. Despite making multiple promises to correct these problems as early as November 2017, the compounder continued to violate the law. (It is not related to another pharmacy with the same name, which is headquartered in Atlanta but has a branch in the Dallas area.) Without admitting or denying wrongdoing, Guardian agreed to the DOJ settlement, which will be in effect for at least five years. It states that the company can produce sterile drugs once it brings its manufacturing processes into compliance; establishes safeguards to prevent future contamination; and hires an independent expert to verify that it has fixed its mistakes and to periodically audit its facility. The court agreement does not esti",science
"In this excerpt from Teresa Wong's graphic memoir Dear Scarlet: The Story of My Postpartum Depression, Teresa has decided — after experiencing a bad pregnancy, a traumatic labor, and difficulty breastfeeding — to switch to formula. She prepares herself to tell the lactation consultant. Reprinted with permission from Dear Scarlet: The Story of My Postpartum Depression by Teresa Wong (Arsenal Pulp Press, 2019). Teresa Wong is a Calgary-based writer and artist who had three children in less than five years. At first, she feared motherhood would destroy her but is pleasantly surprised to find herself continually remade. When the kids are asleep, she writes and draws pictures. When she is asleep, it’s never for long. Dear Scarlet is her first book.",reader
"She wrote: ""I’d never experienced fear like that — a sense of doom closing in. I could see my life ahead, and it wasn’t worth living. I am an actor; I need to remember my lines. Now I couldn’t recall my name. In my worst moments, I wanted to pull the plug. I asked the medical staff to let me die."" Speaking to CBS This Morning, she said: ""With the second one, there was a bit of my brain that actually died. If part of your brain doesn't get blood to it for a minute, it will just no longer work. It's like you short-circuit."" She said: ""After my operations, I didn't want to look at my own face. I was so full of drugs from being in the hospital that I had a lot of water retention, and one-half of my face was quite swollen. I felt so deeply unattractive."" Clarke said: ""My emotions were so heightened. When I looked in the mirror, I just saw pain in my eyes. And no amount of anything can cover that."" She said: ""I found it very, very difficult. I used to put on makeup without looking in the mirror, which probably made me look a lot worse."" She explained, ""When you can look at yourself in the eyes and feel OK with what’s looking back at you, then what more do you need?” Back in March, Game of Thrones star Emilia Clarke acknowledged that she'd experienced several life-threatening brain aneurysms during the show's run. In an essay for the New Yorker, Clarke explained that she was rushed into urgent surgery in 2011 after being diagnosed with a subarachnoid haemorrhage — a stroke that can kill one-third of patients. Clarke went on to write that although she returned to work six weeks later, she asked the show's bosses to keep her condition private, and she was feeling as if she was ""about to die every minute of every day"". Last month, Clarke shared some never-seen-before photos of herself recovering after her first surgery in 2011. She went on to explain that after her second aneurysm in 2013, ""part of [her] brain died"". Well, Clarke has now opened up some more about her experien",health
"If you were wondering how Vladimir Putin’s “mafia state” was involved in the impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump, look no further than the Ukrainian oligarch wanted by the US. Dmytro Firtash is usually described as a Ukrainian oligarch with admitted ties to organized crime, but he is much more than that. He has direct ties to Russia, and to President Vladimir Putin in particular, and those have only grown since he was arrested five years ago, awaiting extradition to the United States. Now Firtash is at the nexus of Trump and Rudy Giuliani’s effort to undermine the president’s enemies — and behind Firtash is a whole lot of Russian money and cover. The events that spawned the impeachment inquiry have shown how Trump uses his perch in the White House to serve personal goals (in this case pressuring the new Ukrainian president to investigate the 2016 election and events related to the upcoming one in 2020). Giuliani’s shadow investigation to serve those goals intersected perfectly with the interests of people with personal grievances in Ukraine, and with Ukrainian Americans in the US long used to hustling to make a quick buck. Firtash understands those dynamics as well as anyone. He had long been in the sights of US investigators when he was indicted in 2013, charged with leading an international scheme to bribe Indian officials to win the rights to a mining project there and then sell the goods to a US company, reportedly Boeing. But those details, for the purposes of the impeachment inquiry and for understanding Firtash’s role in the world, don’t actually matter. It’s like getting Al Capone on charges of tax evasion. Firtash was arrested in Austria in 2014, and has been fighting extradition to the US ever since. He swiftly posted 125 million euros ($140 million) in bail and promised not to leave the country. The bail was the highest ever paid in Austria — and he got the funds to cover it via a loan from Russian billionaire Vasily Anisimov, who made his mon",politics
"At a Senate hearing on Wednesday, Facebook’s head of global policy management, Monika Bickert, touted her company’s potential to help people addicted to opioids. “We have seen social media be a tremendous place of support for those thinking of harming themselves or struggling with opioid addiction,” she said. “We’re exploring and developing ways of linking people up with resources. We’re doing that for opiate addiction, for thoughts of self-harm, people asking or searching for hateful content. We do think this can be a positive thing for overall wellness.” Yet even as Bickert addressed the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, popular Instagram tags related to opioid abuse and recovery remained an easy portal for users of Facebook’s image-sharing service to find those very drugs. Dozens of top posts under the #opioidcrisis and #opioidaddiction hashtags contained comments touting Oxycontin, Percocet, Codeine, and other prescription opioids — along with phone numbers and usernames for encrypted messaging accounts. A typical entry, under a video describing tens of thousands of deaths by drug overdose, offered ""fast deals"" on ""Oxys, Roxy, Xans, Addy, codeine, perc...Available 24.7 for delivery."" ""We do not allow the sale of illegal drugs on Instagram,"" a Facebook spokesperson wrote in a comment to BuzzFeed News. ""It is against our policies to buy, sell or trade non-medical or pharmaceutical drugs on our platform — including in comments. Inappropriate comments can and should be reported, and will be reviewed like posts or stories."" Social media’s role in boosting the American opioid crisis, and the way dealers have used Instagram to connect with buyers, have long been known. Last year, the Washington Post described the service as “a sizable open marketplace for advertising illegal drugs.” Instagram responded by cracking down on the drug-specific hashtags where many of these offers once lived. Now, though, as Facebook strives to highlight the way its services c",tech
"Salt had always been a fundamental part of Mallory Smith’s life. Like all babies born with cystic fibrosis, Mallory had inherited two defective copies of a gene responsible for balancing the salt and water in sweat. The disease caused a thick mucus to form in her lungs, trapping bacteria and triggering infections, and leaving her skin a little salty. Salt, she knew, would eventually cut her life short: The average life expectancy of a person with cystic fibrosis in the US is just 38 years. As she wrote in her diary shortly before she died at age 25, “My disease erodes the life blueprint I drew as a kid.” Her mom, Diane Shader Smith, told BuzzFeed News that early on in Mallory’s life, she and her husband, Mark, decided to push for “a sense of normalcy,” despite frequent doctor visits and a shifting cocktail of antibiotics to quell the infections that would flare up in her lungs. Part of this turned out to involve more salt: When Mallory was a toddler, Mark read a scientific paper about inhaled saltwater’s positive effects in clearing the mucus in the lungs. So the family began taking regular vacations to Hawaii, where Mallory became an avid surfer. At home in Los Angeles, tumbling in the waves of the Pacific Ocean, she found it easier to breathe. That sense of normalcy, her parents said, extended into her life as a young woman with big dreams. She went to college at Stanford, where she played club volleyball and studied biology. During this time, she also kept diaries to chronicle not only her love life and frustrations at school, but dozens of long hospital stays and her ever-deteriorating health. When Mallory was 24, an infection in her lungs caused by a bacteria called Burkholderia cepacia became resistant to all of the antibiotics available to treat it, turning into what’s known as a “superbug.” In September 2017, she was lucky enough to get a double-lung transplant. When Mallory’s new lungs became reinfected with B. cepacia, Mallory’s parents pushed her doctors ",science
"On March 27, Jon Erwin took the stage at Proclaim 19, this year’s National Religious Broadcasters convention in Anaheim, California, with the confidence of someone sure his moment had arrived. He had plenty of reason to believe it. Erwin, a square-jawed thirtysomething, and his brother Andrew, the self-described introvert of the pair, had directed the biggest independent movie of the past year. Not Wes Anderson, not Alfonso Cuarón, not Spike Lee — Andrew and Jon Erwin, sons of a former Alabama state senator, ESPN camera operators turned filmmakers whose stated goal is “to recapture the imagination of a generation with the Gospel.” “We're here to dream, and we're here to share with you a bit of what God's doing in the entertainment business,"" Jon Erwin told the standing-room-only crowd. ""God is on the move in the entertainment business in a way that I can't fully explain or understand, but I'm here to share it with you today.” In 2018, the rest of the specialty box office dwelled in the long shadow of I Can Only Imagine, the Erwins' fourth feature — an earnest, soft-filter biopic about Christian musician Bart Millard, who had a crossover hit with the eponymous song in the early aughts. But, unless you were in the movie’s target demographic, it's possible that this is the first you're hearing of it. I Can Only Imagine came from what has largely existed as a miniature parallel Christian showbiz universe with its own big-name filmmakers, its own festivals, its own recurring stars (like Kirk Cameron, Sarah Drew, and Kevin Sorbo). It's a universe in which endings are uplifting, brushes with death offer glimpses of the divine, and sex happens way offscreen, between a man and a woman, in the context of marriage. Like most faith-based releases, I Can Only Imagine wasn't screened for press or broadly marketed, but reached its intended audience primarily via a grassroots campaign targeting churches and ministries, Christian radio, and Christian press. And for this film, that a",reader
,health
"Hayes Brown: It's Thursday, October 24th, 2019, exactly one month since House Democrats began impeachment proceedings. Welcome to Impeachment Today. Good morning. I'm Hayes Brown, a reporter and editor here at BuzzFeed News. Thanks for giving our brand-new podcast a listen.   We're hoping to use this 10 to 15 minutes a day to really cut through the noise, and the tweets, and figure out what matters as Congress prepares to vote on whether to impeach President Donald Trump. Much like the impeachment inquiry, will be figuring out a lot as we'd go over the next few months, and it's probably going to be months. So this is going to be a fun ride? I think fun is the right word. Anyway, on to today's show. We're asking, has Rudy Giuliani always been this, well, shady? We've got editor-in-chief Ben Smith here to talk about it. But before we get to all of that, let's review what we know so far and catch up on the big news from yesterday. Here are the facts that we know for sure:    In a July phone call, Donald Trump asked the Ukrainian president for two favors: One, to help him get dirt on former vice president Biden ahead of the 2020 election. And two, help push a conspiracy theory about the 2016 election. We know this because the White House released a transcript of the call, which if you read it, it says exactly that. What we don't know is whether Trump used military aid to Ukraine as a bargaining chip. That's what Congress is investigating.    So what did we learn yesterday? Wednesday's biggest news blew two new holes in the president's claim that there was no pressure on Ukraine to advance his domestic political goals. First, the associated press reported that way back in may, that then–president-elect of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky spent most of a three-hour meeting discussing how to avoid getting involved in US domestic politics after Trump's personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani, made a number of requests to Ukrainian government officials. Second, the New York Times reported ",politics
"Google will let people in emerging markets like India talk to Google Assistant, the company's virtual assistant, simply by dialing a phone number. Google announced the feature at an event in New Delhi on Thursday. People across India on Vodafone Idea, a carrier that Google has partnered with for the service, will be able to dial a toll-free number and ask Google Assistant — in English and Hindi — about the weather, sports scores, traffic conditions, and more. Google did not comment on whether the feature will roll out in other countries besides India. Allowing people access Google Assistant simply by making a phone call would make the feature available to hundreds of millions of people in large countries like India, where more than half of the country’s 1.3 billion people still don’t have access to smartphones, and hundreds of millions of people still use inexpensive feature phones with limited access to the internet or apps. Nearly half India’s 1.3 billion people are now connected to the internet, while over 500 million people are just coming online, thanks to crashing data prices, making it an attractive market for most Silicon Valley technology companies that are looking for growth. ",tech
"A former student is suing a University of California professor, claiming that he sexually assaulted her at her house after a graduation party in 2013 when she was too drunk to be able to give consent. The lawsuit comes five months after a university Title IX investigation found that Gopal Balakrishnan, a Marxist historian in the humanities division at UC Santa Cruz, had violated the school’s sexual harassment policies. As reported by BuzzFeed News last year, the former student, Anneliese Harlander, was one of at least four people who have submitted formal complaints about Balakrishnan related to a wide range of behaviors, from assault to inappropriate comments to drug use with students. Balakrishnan has been on paid leave since the fall of 2017. The university administration has not yet decided what disciplinary action to take. “When it comes down to it, I was completely traumatized by this experience,” Harlander told BuzzFeed News. “My life was overturned because of this event. I want to do everything in my ability to make sure that no one else has to experience what I went through with this man.” Balakrishnan, through his lawyers, did not comment on the lawsuit. Last year he acknowledged to university investigators that he was present at the party Harlander described, but denied having sex with her. The lawsuit was filed Monday in the Superior Court of California in the County of Santa Cruz. It states that Balakrishnan attended and brought alcohol to a graduation party at Harlander’s neighbor’s house in Santa Cruz, on or around June 18, 2013. There, it states, Harlander became very drunk and “lapsed into unconsciousness,” but Balakrishnan walked her home and entered her house without her permission. According to the complaint, “without her permission or consent and by use of force to overcome her resistance,” Balakrishnan removed his clothes and Harlander’s, and sexually assaulted her. As BuzzFeed News previously reported, Harlander recalled finding Balakrishnan “",science
"Small presses — those independent publishing houses that often put out writing that the largest publishers aren’t always interested in — still issue books that get national and industry attention. But with all the great books out there, it can be easy for readers to lose track. Here are 19 books by small presses that went big — or are on their way. White Dancing Elephants, Chaya Bhuvaneswar’s debut, made a splash when it came out at the end of 2018. Her stories juxtapose Hindu epics, other myths and histories, and the survival of sexual harassment and racialized sexual violence by diverse women of color. When Bhuvaneswar is at her best, her writing in these 17 stories is a cartography of loss, betrayal, and oftentimes a hard-won beauty that takes an unapologetically feminist approach to a world peopled with women characters who span the extremes of deep empathy and terrible behavior. Critical cred: Kirkus called Bhubaneswar’s stories “stunning” and “evocative” in a starred review; BuzzFeed Books named it one of the best books of fall 2018. If you’re on Writer Twitter, it’s hard to miss Gabino Iglesias, an author of two novels, a master hustler, and a vocal advocate for other writers. Broken River Books, who published his latest, Coyote Songs, barely has a website, but that hasn’t stopped this book — a hybrid horror/crime novel set in the American Southwest — from being noticed, including ranking in Amazon best-seller categories. Iglesias reviews for major outlets like NPR and is frank about what it takes for small-press authors to get their books into the hands of readers, and his tireless promotion has paid off. Critical cred: Booklist called this collection “gorgeously written, even when Iglesias is describing horrible things.” Fiction writer and memoirist Michelle Tea is well-known for writing about her own life. A prose writer, poet, and literary arts organizer, Tea explores queer culture, feminism, race, class, sex work, and other topics. Against Memoir is her ",reader
"For further help, here are some quick resources:You might want to learn more about starting therapy, since pretty much everyone can benefit from talking to a professional.You can learn more about mental disorders here.And if you need to talk to someone immediately, the US National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 1-800-273-8255. A list of international suicide hotlines can be found here. ""I had the house to myself for the first time in months, so I got myself some hard cider, made a pizza from scratch (pre-made pizza dough is the BEST), and put some cookies in the oven. Then I got cozy, posted in front of the TV, and watched a movie. It was EVERYTHING. It seems so simple, but when you need to focus on you, do exactly what you think will make you feel better."" —michellef61 ""Have a night in and do face masks. The sillier the masks look, the better!"" —jiannag ""For me, it’s getting into the gym and pushing myself further than I have before, whether it’s trying to run a faster mile or lifting heavier weights, etc. It's about pushing myself out of my head and getting in touch with my body and my own personal strength."" —shannonc4f8cc995d ""Exercise. I hate doing it — and sometimes I hate every second of it — but the idea that I got out and accomplished something instantly improves my mood."" —treamariemc ""I think about the activities I enjoyed as a kid and try to do one or two."" —christinak4b24cd916 ""I use a great iPhone app called '#selfcare.' It has little activities that are simple and somewhat mindless, so you can do them and recenter yourself. It offers guided breathing, affirmations, fidget games, and calming sounds. Plus, you get a cat that you can pet without the scratches and allergies!""  —timk489060b6d ""I try meditating with an app that helps. Personally, I like Oak and Headspace. They even have someone who talks you through the process as well as unguided sessions."" —nataliag450d6c1fb ""Sometimes I just need a hard reset, so I start winding down at like 6:00 p.m. an",health
"This is an excerpt from The Stakes 2020, BuzzFeed News' newsletter about what really matters in the 2020 campaign. You can sign up here. Tom Steyer made his fortune in finance and has spent the last decade in politics — first building a political operation to fight climate change and support other progressive causes, and then spending a lot of money lobbying to impeach the president. I texted with him Tuesday about impeachment, whether he's the right messenger, and that thing he draws on his hand. Click here to read a transcript of this conversation. ",politics
"In tech, some days you are the titans of capitalism, plotting a world-changing course with your fresh ideas and disruptive vision. Other days, you’re locked out of your WeWork office by an umbrella. Monday morning was the latter for employees of a tech startup who showed up at work to a bizarre and frustrating surprise. Over the weekend, an umbrella left leaning against a wall had fallen over and blocked the sliding door of their WeWork space. It was impossible to get inside. Mike, one of the employees who was locked out, agreed to speak to BuzzFeed News on the condition that we not use his last name or the name of his company to avoid the embarrassment of being known as the company foiled by an umbrella. He sent a photo of the umbrella-sealed WeWork office to his friend Neeraj K. Agrawal, whose tweet about the incident went viral. “In a thousand years, you’d not be able to replicate this,” Mike said. “The umbrella has turned our office into, essentially, an unmanned panic room with no way in.” It would be three days before Mike and his colleagues were able to enter their WeWork again. The situation seemed to be an elaborate metaphor for the ongoing clusterfuck that is the WeWork initial public offering. “Casey, also in sales with me, was first to arrive [at the office], then me, Monday morning,” Mike told BuzzFeed News. That’s when they discovered the umbrella blocking the sliding door. “We were baffled. So were our WeWork community managers. Things like this don’t normally affect the idyllic world of coworking. Normally it’s an overly extroverted dog or someone microwaving fish that causes the drama.” Sure, just jiggle the handle, you say. Nope, didn’t work. What about a wire coat hanger? Nope. “Two of my coat hangers went down in the fight,” Mike said. “It was a ‘does not compute’ moment, because the situation had absolutely no apparent solution. It wasn’t like there was an answer — ‘Go outside and crawl in the window.’ The windows to the outside don’t open, ther",tech
"Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Scott Gottlieb resigned Tuesday, in a surprising departure from the Trump administration. Gottlieb, 46, was sworn into leadership of the $5.1 billion agency in May 2017 and had generally been seen as a quiet and effective leader. He had previously served at FDA during the second Bush administration as a deputy commissioner, with a background as a physician and public health policy expert. News of his resignation was first reported by the Washington Post, with his departure timed for the next month. In a letter to FDA staff, which the agency shared on Twitter, Gottlieb explained that he wanted to spend more time with his family. “There’s perhaps nothing that could pull me away from this role other than the challenge of being apart from my family for these past two years and missing my wife and three young children,” he wrote. He also thanked them for “their sacrifice over the past two years.” In his resignation letter, Gottlieb wrote: “I’m fortunate for the opportunity that the President of the United States afforded me to lead this outstanding team, at this time, in this period of wonderful scientific advances.” He then reflected on what he described as his agency’s signature policies, from seeking to reduce morbidity associated with tobacco use to confronting e-cigarette use by teens, to fighting opioid addiction rates, to improving food safety and tracking foodborne illness outbreaks. “We cracked down on bogus stem cell therapies, on sham homeopathy, on unsafe medical device products, on tobacco sales to minors, on unsafe dietary supplements, and on kratom,” Gottlieb wrote. He also noted that the FDA approved a “record number” of generic medicines, prescription drugs, and medical devices in 2017, and then again in 2018. Skyrocketing prescription drug pricing became a national topic of scrutiny during Gottlieb’s tenure. Makers of prescription and generic drugs alike praised Gottlieb. “His efforts have made a meaningful impa",science
"When the writer Rachel Held Evans, who was my friend, died unexpectedly Saturday, all I could think was that we were so close to the time when she was alive that maybe we could bring her back. There is something about proximity to a particular death that makes the condition feel, possibly, reversible. The closer in time you are to a person's passing, the more it feels like time travel might — or at least should — be possible. The author Matthew Salesses, in a recent essay about his wife's death, wrote: ""I held her lifeless hand and thought: Let me go back just one minute. I thought: Don’t leave me yet. ... Time was the only distance; life felt close by."" If we could just go back in time an hour, I thought. Then two hours, then a day, or maybe a month, to the last time I saw Rachel, when she was vibrant and healthy and speaking to a crowd of hundreds of people about the lifelong process of reclaiming her faith in God. Bring her back, I kept thinking. Bring her back, we all prayed. But she wasn't coming back. Rachel, who was only 37, was many things: a New York Times best-selling author; a sought-after speaker; a mother and wife, a friend, daughter, and sister. Her second book, A Year of Biblical Womanhood, propelled her into the spotlight as a new and vital force in the larger Christian landscape. Rachel spent her high school years in Dayton, Tennessee, where the 1925 Scopes trial took place, ultimately punishing a local teacher for teaching evolution in his classroom. Dayton was the background for Rachel's first book, Evolving in Monkey Town (later republished as Faith Unraveled), in which she grappled with what would become a defining theme of her life and career: Could questioning God and the Bible actually draw a person closer to God, rather than moving them away? Could it be that challenging the status quo was an act of love? For those who are not so familiar with the culture of evangelical Christianity, it is hard to overstate the impact Rachel Held Evans had o",reader
"You can find even more natural and vegan deodorants here. This chart that will help you make a super-simple vegan meal no matter what you have in the fridge. These small changes that can help you get started without becoming overwhelmed. This food pyramid that helps you actually visualize what (and how much) you should incorporate into a vegan diet. These six versatile plant-based proteins. And even more plant-based proteins for when those six don't cut it! This gloriously simple and clear egg substitute chart. This nutritional comparison between chicken and chickpeas. And this comparison between eggs and tofu. This handy guide to creating four different types of vegan hummus. These vegan nutrition sources that provide not only protein, but also iron and calcium. These vegan deodorants that will keep you smelling fresh, no animal products required. These vegan snacks that have your back whether you're craving something sweet or something savory. And this meal prep that will have you eating vegan for days on end. These easy vegan swaps that are the perfect place to start when vegan-izing your kitchen. This handy guide to budget-friendly vegan foods. These vegan ratios for omega-3 and omega-6, because it's not just about where you get your iron and protein. These vegan pre-workout suggestions. These five simple food swaps even non-vegans can try. These vegan hacks for some of your favorite comfort foods. This vegan grocery list that will make your next trip to the supermarket a breeze. These vegan bags that encourage cruelty-free fashion. These vegan sauces you'll want to drizzle on everything. These cookies from popular brands that are actually vegan, for when you want to treat yourself. This simple recipe for dairy-free ""ice cream"" you can whip up at home. These vegan dairy swaps so you can have your yogurt and eat it too. These vegan cheeses you can sub in for dairy cheese. Or this simple three-step recipe for making your own! Remember: Going vegan doesn't have to ",health
"WASHINGTON — House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s iconic photo pointing at President Donald Trump during a contentious White House meeting met its match on Wednesday when a reporter captured a woman in a blue dress standing angelically above a huddle of suited lawmakers, backlit by a single wall sconce that gives the impression of a halo. The photo, which looks like a painting out of the Renaissance, quickly became a popular meme on #Resistance Twitter, as a symbol of Democrats rolling their eyes, looking to the light, and/or imploring God as Republicans staged a circus-like protest and stormed a private room used in the impeachment inquiry Wednesday morning. By that evening, the tweet had nearly 4,000 likes and more than 1,300 retweets. But the woman at the center of that photo actually works for one of the Republicans involved in Wednesday’s protest. “At least I look OK,” Charli Huddleston told BuzzFeed News over the phone Wednesday. The 25-year-old congressional staffer works for Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan, the top Republican on the House Committee on Oversight and Reform. Jordan, whose committee is involved in the impeachment inquiry, joined the protest of Republicans who broke into the SCIF (sensitive compartmented information facility) Wednesday. “I was looking for Mr. Jordan because they were calling him to the podium,” said Huddleston. “I knew he wasn’t in the crowd because he was meeting with some middle-schoolers. In addition to the deposition and the SCIF, we have regular committee business as well, so I was running back and forth to the Capitol from Rayburn” (a House office building). House Republicans were holding a press conference outside to protest the closed-door impeachment investigation (several Republicans, including Jordan, are involved in those proceedings). Huddleston was standing on the middle landing of the winding staircase behind lawmakers looking up to the upper level when a reporter snapped the shot of her. Huddleston said she wasn’t aware of her newf",politics
"Instagram on Wednesday announced a new policy that would restrict, and in some cases remove, content that promotes weight loss products or cosmetic procedures. The policy is being led by Instagram, but will impact content on Facebook as well. Users who are known to be under the age of 18 will be restricted from viewing posts that promote the use of certain weight loss products and cosmetic procedures, or posts that have an incentive for users to buy products or include a price. Instagram's public policy manager, Emma Collins, said in a statement on Wednesday that the changes were aimed at dealing with the growing industry of influencer marketing on the platform. ""We want Instagram to be a positive place for everyone that uses it and this policy is part of our ongoing work to reduce the pressure that people can sometimes feel as a result of social media,"" Collins said. The company plans to introduce new tools in the coming weeks that will allow users to report a post within the app if they believe it violates the new policy. This initiative coming out of Instagram's UK team isn't an accident. The announcement also included comments from British Good Place actor Jameela Jamil. ""We are changing the world together. After a bunch of shouting, screaming, and petitioning... we have managed to get the attention of the people at the top, and they have heard us and want to protect us,"" Jamil wrote on her own Instagram Wednesday. ""And this is just the beginning of our efforts."" Jamil has been a huge advocate for stricter content regulations on Instagram regarding body image for several years now. In 2018, Jamil started the ""I Weigh"" campaign on Instagram in response to an offensive meme targeting the weights of the Kardashian/Jenner clan. Then several months later, Jamil called out rapper Cardi B, who’d posted a sponsored Instagram for a brand of detox tea. Jamil went on to publicly slam celebrities like Iggy Azalea, Khloé Kardashian, and Perez Hilton for their promotion of de",tech
"Amazon appears to have removed anti-vaccination documentaries from search results on Amazon Prime Video today, as well as from the catalog of videos included with its Prime service. On Friday morning, a search for “vaccines” on Amazon Prime Video returned top results for anti-vax documentaries, including Vaxxed and Shoot ‘Em Up: The Truth About Vaccines. But by Friday afternoon, those videos were no longer appearing in search results or available for streaming on the platform. Around noon Eastern Time, California Rep. Adam Schiff published an open letter to Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos asking that Amazon reconsider allowing anti-vax content to appear on its website. “Amazon is surfacing and recommending products and content that discourage parents from vaccinating their children, a direct threat to public health, and reversing progress made in tackling vaccine-preventable diseases,” Schiff’s letter reads. Schiff had written similar letters to both Google, which owns YouTube, and Facebook, asking those platforms to address the anti-vax issue, in part because of the ongoing measles outbreak in Washington state. Following Schiff’s letter, YouTube banned advertising on some anti-vax videos and added additional information panels about vaccine hesitancy to anti-vax videos. Previously, the company announced via a blog post that it’s working to down-rank conspiracy theories in its “Up Next” recommendations. Facebook also says it’s “currently working on additional changes” to “reduce the distribution of health-related misinformation on Facebook,” and will announce “additional changes” soon. In his letter, Schiff explicitly asked Amazon: “Does content which provides medically inaccurate information about vaccines violate your terms of service?” According to Amazon’s content policy guidelines for Prime Video, it bans “content that promotes, endorses, or incites the viewer to engage in dangerous or harmful acts.” A spokesperson for Amazon did not immediately respond to questions abou",science
"As a boy back in Arkansas, we called them dancing girls. These all-women dance troupes combined the energy of the high-step marching style of black college bands with lyrical, West African, jazz, contemporary, and hip-hop choreography. The result was almost too sexual to be looked at straight on. Back then, I could only steal glances at the Golden Girls, the majorettes for the band at my father’s alma mater, the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff. I wasn’t old enough to be leering at grown women like that, and why else would a boy be so transfixed by the dancers, unless of course he was “that way.” You no longer have to be an initiate of Southern black college culture — the kin of some insufferably proud Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) alumni; annual attendee to a black college classic or homecoming game; bystander at a local Juneteenth parade; nostalgist for TLC’s “Baby-Baby-Baby” video, or NBC’s A Different World or Spike Lee’s School Daze — to recognize the style of dance performed by hip-hop majorettes. But even that term, “hip-hop majorette,” is a recent invention, a hastily applied umbrella description for a tradition of movement defined by dance lines that have fronted the marching bands of historically black colleges since the late ’60s. Hip-hop is an anachronistic but necessary distinction meant to distinguish this auxiliary group from more customary majorettes, women who march before traditional bands twirling batons. Beyoncé’s recent Netflix concert film Homecoming highlights her admiration for the hip-hop majorette style. Her iconic Coachella performance, which opens with a phalanx of majorette-inspired dancers clearing the way for Bey costumed as Nefertiti, arrives at an auspicious moment for majoretting. Advocates of this uniquely Southern performance style — a community that includes both Southern straight black women and femme gay black men — have been using digital media platforms over the past decade to formalize and institutionalize the ",reader
"""I work for the hospital, and I work with doctors (along with other RNs, respiratory therapists, pharmacists, techs, radiology, etc.). We are a team. I couldn't do my job without them, and they certainly couldn't do their job without me."" —julianneg4 ""A lot of the time, nurses are the ones correcting orders or telling the doctors what needs to be done. We are constantly advocating for patients behind the scenes."" —oneloveyogi ""I'm an RN and had a patient tell me, 'Your job isn't stressful. All you do is take my blood pressure. I drive a truck – now that's stressful.' Well, sir, I'm currently assessing eight things about you while taking your blood pressure, I just came from four other patients' rooms, my other patient is palliative and might die today, but, please, go on and tell me that I don't know about stress."" —shannooney ""The other four days a week are spent recovering, sleeping, rehydrating, and attempting to rejoin society."" —lydiam45c5c3120 ""People often tell me that working three days a week sounds so easy! Um, excuse you?! Try holding your bladder for the entirety of those three 12-hour shifts, boo!"" —allyvandem ""Chances are, when I get the call on my two-way to go to their room, I'm steps away from the toilet assisting a fresh hip replacement to walk or slinging up a bolus on a hypotensive patient. So when it takes me 15 minutes to get to you, please don't say 'that took long enough!' I promise, we get to you as quickly as we absolutely can."" —angelaburnsd ""Some patients think my job is to answer their every beck and call. No, fool. I'm here to keep you alive, and if I feel like that last dose of pain medicine will make you not breathe well, I'm not giving it to you."" —stephanieg44d08460d ""I find that it's most frustrating when people assume that I'm in nursing because I didn't get into a medical science undergraduate program because I wasn't smart enough. —luannaime ""A lot of people think I only became a nurse because I'd be guaranteed a job, but that's",health
"At the outset of his testimony before the House Financial Services Committee on Wednesday, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg admitted that when Russians used his site to manipulate the 2016 election, he was put on the defensive. For the rest of the day, federal legislators kept him there, asking straightforward questions he repeatedly struggled to answer. For Zuckerberg, even inquires about Facebook’s support of free expression — which he outlined in a speech at Georgetown University last week — proved to be difficult to answer. By the end of the day, it was easy to forget why Zuckerberg was ostensibly there: to talk about his company’s cryptocurrency initiative, Libra. When representatives asked Zuckerberg about Facebook’s policy of allowing politicians to lie in ads, his wavering answers stood out. An intense exchange with Democratic Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was telling. “Would I be able to run advertisements on Facebook targeting Republicans in primaries saying that they voted for the Green New Deal? If you’re not fact-checking political advertisements, I’m just trying to understand the bounds there,” Ocasio-Cortez asked. “Congresswoman, I don’t know the answer to that off the top of my head. I think probably,” Zuckerberg replied. “So you don’t know if I’ll be able to do that?” “I think. Probably.” “Do you see a potential problem here?” replied Ocasio-Cortez. Facebook claims it prohibits speech that leads to voter suppression. But by allowing misinformation that portrays candidates saying things they haven’t, it may suppress the vote anyway, experts told BuzzFeed News. “The company and Mark do not seem to understand what voter suppression looks like in 2019,” Vanita Gupta, president and CEO of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, told BuzzFeed News. “You don’t have to look further than the 2016 election to see how foreign actors used these very same tactics that domestic actors have used for centuries in this country that undermine participation o",politics
"India has banned the production, sale, import, and advertising of vaping products as part of an initiative to stop the “impact of e-cigarettes on the youth,” the country’s finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman told reporters in New Delhi on Wednesday. Violators will be jailed for up to three years, and fined up to $7,000, the government said. Existing users, however, will not face penalties. The ban is bad news for American vaping companies like Juul, the world’s largest maker of vaping products with more than 70% of the vaping market. The company had been planning to launch in India, home to more than 106 million smokers — second only to China — by the end of this year. The move could kill India’s thriving gray market for Juul products, where wealthy vapers buy kits for $100 or more. Juul did not respond to a request for comment. India’s ban on e-cigarettes comes on the heels of a ban on flavored vape products in New York, which, on Tuesday, became the first state in the US to impose one after seven people died and hundreds more fell sick in a nationwide outbreak of lung illness linked directly to vaping. A similar ban that was recently approved in Michigan is also expected to go into effect in the next few weeks. Sitharaman, India’s finance minister, said that India’s government looked at the skyrocketing popularity of vaping among young adults in the US while making its decision to ban the products in India. The US has been cracking down on vape use among young people over the last year. The FDA has issued more than 8,600 warning letters and more than 1,000 fines to both online and brick-and-mortar stores for selling vaping products to minors. And last week, President Donald Trump said that his administration plans to curb the rise of e-cigarettes by banning flavored vape products, something that US health officials believe directly promotes vape use among young adults. Meanwhile, vaping bodies in India have criticized the ban. The Association of Vapers India (AVI)",tech
"Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee announced on Friday he’s running for president, pitching himself as the best candidate to tackle the worsening climate crisis. “I’m Jay Inslee and I’m running for president because I’m the only candidate who will make defeating climate change our nation’s number one priority,” the governor said in an announcement video that is exclusively about climate change, running through comments he’s made on the issue going back years. Inslee will kick off a “Climate Mission Tour” in Iowa next Tuesday. Inslee is joining a crowded field of 2020 Democratic presidential contenders, but he’s the only candidate to join the race so far with such a tight focus on a single issue. Other Democratic hopefuls have made preventing the worst impacts of man-made climate change a goal of their campaigns — and one that sharply contrasts President Donald Trump’s denial of the science — but Inslee is trying to differentiate himself by making it his primary focus. The governor’s campaign may be well timed. More Americans are concerned about climate change than ever, with about 7 in 10 of people saying they are ""somewhat worried"" about global warming, according to a polling results released January by climate communication experts at Yale University and George Mason University. The poll found nearly half of Americans believe climate change is harming the US right now. A major federal climate report released last November, called the Fourth National Climate Assessment, concluded climate impacts are playing out across the US, from damaging wildfires to increased heavy rain and flooding to rising seas. “We’re the first generation to feel the sting of climate change. And we’re the last who can do something about it,” Inslee said in his launch video. “This crisis isn’t just a chart or graph anymore. The impacts are being felt everywhere.” During his latest state-of-the-state speech, he called for Washington state to transition from fossil fuels to running on 100% clean ",science
"Scrubbing toilets wasn’t usually this interesting. Mỹ had done it so many times she had a streamlined routine by now. Spray with poison everywhere. Pour poison inside. Scrub, scrub, scrub, scrub, scrub. Wipe, wipe, wipe. Flush. Done in less than two minutes. If they had a toilet-­cleaning contest, Mỹ would be a top contender. Not today, though. The noises in the next stall kept distracting her. She was pretty sure the girl in there was crying. Either that or exercising. There was lots of heavy breathing going on. What kind of workout could you do in a bathroom stall? Knee-­ups maybe. A strangled sound issued, followed by a high-­pitched whimper, and Mỹ let go of her toilet brush. That was definitely crying. Leaning her temple against the side of the stall, she cleared her throat and asked, “Miss, is something wrong?” “No, nothing’s wrong,” the girl said, but her cries got louder before they stopped abruptly, replaced by more muffled heavy breathing. “I work in this hotel.” As a janitor/maid. “If someone treated you badly, I can help.” She’d try to, anyway. Nothing rankled her like a bully. She couldn’t afford to lose this job, though. “No, I’m fine.” The door latch rattled, and shoes clacked against the marble floor. Mỹ stuck her head out of her stall in time to see a pretty girl saunter toward the sinks. She wore the highest, scariest heels Mỹ had ever seen and a red skintight dress that ended right beneath her butt. If you believed anything Mỹ’s grandma said, that girl would get pregnant the second she stepped foot on the street. She was probably pregnant already — from the potency of a man’s child-­giving stare. For her part, Mỹ had gotten pregnant by messing around with a playboy from school, no skimpy dress and scary heels needed. She’d resisted him at first. Her mom and grandma had been clear that studies came first, but he’d pursued her until she’d caved, thinking it was love. Instead of marrying her when she’d told him about the baby, however, he’d grudgingl",reader
"FYI: This post definitely isn't making light of severe allergies. Luckily these people can all look back and laugh at what happened to them. Let this serve as a reminder for why allergies should always be taken seriously. Enjoy! ""Apparently I'm allergic to dust mites. My breathing was never affected, and I only itched a little, but I did get the day off work."" —molly1112 ""This was my back after my scratch test at my allergist. I wound up in the ER a few times, and I thought it was about time to figure out exactly what I was allergic to. Turns out, I am allergic to life."" —christinaoey ""Ever heard of the drink Kombucha? Well, neither did I... until my friend offered me just one small swig. Thirty minutes later, this was what I looked like."" —timmyd4ed91ce1c ""I had this rash on my face for over a year when my doctor prescribed me a topical steroid for some mild eczema around my nose. It took me about eight months and several different dermatologist visits to discover that the steroid was the issue. The real reaction came from stopping the steroid. I stayed home for three months and felt like my face was on the verge of splitting in half."" —marleynx ""I went to the doctor, and apparently I am extremely allergic to dust. This is what happens when I'm in a dusty area: my eyes grow to the size of golf balls."" —melfill ""This is how we found out I have Mast Cell Activation Disorder (MCAD). The culprit? Flax seed, which I only touched ONE time."" —valeriev422e61815 ""My lip started swelling up because of some new medicine that I turned out to be allergic to. My whole face was numb, and I had to stay in the hospital overnight because they couldn't get the swelling down. Luckily it didn't hurt at all."" —tiffbey ""I am allergic to the sun and mistakingly went out without a hat on. Ended up in the emergency room."" —pereiraolg ""I'm deathly allergic to latex. This was the aftermath of someone holding a balloon and then grabbing my arm. It was so swollen and painful that I couldn't go ",health
"WASHINGTON — A group of Republicans put the “Storm Area 51” logic to the test Wednesday and barged into a secure area on Capitol Hill, interrupting a private impeachment deposition and occupying the space for a few hours. Led by Rep. Matt Gaetz, a Florida Republican known for his long history of made-for-TV antics, the band of about two dozen lawmakers entered the Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF), an area where members can review classified information and hold private hearings. It’s a wild escalation after weeks of complaints — from Republicans who aren’t on the committees investigating impeachment — about being cut out of the impeachment process. Notably, according to a list provided by Gaetz's office of the Republicans who RSVP'd to join the protest, 12 of them are members of the Oversight or Foreign Affairs committees — including Rep. Jim Jordan, the ranking member on the Oversight Committee — meaning they have been allowed to sit in on all depositions held in the SCIF in recent weeks. A spokesperson for Rep. Ken Buck, who is on the list and serves on the Foreign Affairs Committee, however, later clarified that he did not attend, though he tweeted in support. Rep. Fred Keller, an Oversight member who joined the protest, ""was acting in solidarity with those members of Congress who are not allowed in the hearings, to review testimony, or read transcripts of this secret inquiry. ... [He] believes the way this inquiry is being conducted is unfair and it needs to stop,"" according to a spokesperson. President Donald Trump knew in advance that Republicans planned to occupy the space and supported their plan, “saying he wanted the transcripts released because they will exonerate him,” Bloomberg reported, citing four sources familiar with the conversation. The members went into the SCIF at about 9:45 a.m. Wednesday, passing Capitol Police officers who guard the door. Some of the members brought in cellphones (which are not allowed in the secure space).",politics
"This week, Twitter has been inundated with pictures generated by ImageNet Roulette. The photos are typically of a person's face and feature a green box with a black and green label listing an automatically generated label for the person, based on the software's best guess of what social role they occupy. ImageNet Roulette is an art project created by Berlin-based developer Leif Ryge, working in collaboration with artist and researcher Trevor Paglen and AI researcher Kate Crawford. It's part of an exhibition called Training Humans, currently showing in the Osservatorio Fondazione Prada in Milan, which explores how datasets and automated systems represent and classify humans. ImageNet Roulette, a web extension of the exhibition, is designed to demonstrate it. But in practice it sucks, turning out mostly gibberish. Worse, when people of color put their images into it, the app can spit back out shockingly racist and vile labels based on their ethnicities. Ryge and Paglen's studio has not yet responded to a request for comment. Crawford acknowledged in a series of tweets earlier this week how bad AI is at interpreting pictures of humans — and how's that's the point of the project. ""The labels come from WordNet, the images were scraped from search engines. The 'Person' category was rarely used or talked about. But it's strange, fascinating, and often offensive,"" Crawford wrote. ""It reveals the deep problems with classifying humans — be it race, gender, emotions or characteristics. It's politics all the way down, and there's no simple way to 'debias' it."" ImageNet, the system on which the app is built, is a research project created at Stanford University and Princeton University. It's an image dataset organized according to WordNet, a database created at Princeton of English nouns, verbs, adjectives, and adverbs. The WordNet database is where the labels come from. ""ImageNet was created in 2009 as — and continues to be — an academic research project to help computers identi",tech
"The Senate just confirmed Andrew Wheeler, a former coal lobbyist, to run the Environmental Protection Agency. The Thursday afternoon vote, 52–47, was largely along party lines. “I am deeply honored, and I look forward to continuing the President’s agenda and the work of the Agency alongside all my EPA colleagues,” Wheeler wrote on Twitter following the vote. Wheeler’s formal addition to President Donald Trump’s Cabinet has been a long time coming. He has been serving as the EPA’s acting administrator for about seven months, since Trump’s former agency head Scott Pruitt resigned last July amid multiple ethics investigations. Trump announced he was tapping Wheeler for the top agency position in November, saying he had “done a fantastic job” in the temporary role. Under Wheeler’s watch, the agency has pushed the Trump administration’s deregulatory agenda. This includes proposing to freeze car mileage standards, replacing Obama’s signature climate rule, the Clean Power Plan, with a weaker rule for limiting coal plant carbon pollution, and easing other air pollution standards for new coal plants. The EPA under Wheeler has also continued to fill its science advisory boards with controversial figures, including climate denier John Christy. The agency has also been slow to enforce environmental rules under Trump, according to a review by the watchdog group Environmental Integrity Project, including completing fewer inspections and evaluations, cutting enforcement staff, opening fewer criminal cases, and referring fewer civil cases to the Department of Justice compared to the Obama administration. Many Republicans have praised Wheeler’s leadership. On Wednesday, Sen. John Barrasso, a Republican from Wyoming, said Wheeler “has led efforts to issue common sense regulatory proposals” at the agency. According to Barrasso, 63 agricultural and forestry groups wrote a letter in support of Wheeler’s nomination. In a break from her party, however, Sen. Susan Collins from Maine said W",science
"Halfway through the new movie Long Shot, there’s a montage that — if this were a traditional rom-com — would include a makeover (hopefully, with shopping) or a goofy set of adventures (with close-ups on faces as each person realizes they’re falling in love). But this isn’t a traditional rom-com; this is a rom-com starring Charlize Theron and — more to the point — Seth Rogen. So our two protagonists, Charlotte (Theron) and Fred (Rogen) go to a club and get very high. The scene is a turning point in the film, but not because Charlotte (who happens to be the secretary of state and running for president) learns she needs to cool girl out and enjoy life. Slumped in her seat, staring into space, dressed in a ratty Enimem shirt and a ball cap, shielded from public scrutiny and polling numbers, Charlotte gets to experience life not just as a “normal” person, but as a normal (white, cis, hetero) dude. Drugs temporarily block Charlotte’s compunction, decades in the making, to perform perfect femininity at all times. Her clothes shield her from the male gaze; her Secret Service detail protects her from the threat, omnipresent for women in public spaces, of predatory men. The drugs also separate Charlotte from her to-do list, her never-ending schedule, her compulsive multitasking. It’s difficult to slip in a few tricep kickbacks, as she casually does at various points in the film, when you’re on molly. Some people may look at the premise for Long Shot and immediately think of it as set in a straight-male fantasy world, where a hapless journalist who looks like Seth Rogen could end up with a high-powered woman politician who looks like Charlize Theron. But the actual pleasures of the film, at least for this woman, are far different. Long Shot doesn’t treat Charlotte’s compulsions as a problem for her — or for Fred — to fix. Instead, it positions them as the natural, albeit deeply fucked up, response to women’s experience of everyday life, where no amount of education and skill c",reader
"Good day, everyone. If you didn't already know, this is how small children have to take X-rays: Not only does it look super uncomfortable, but it also looks about as fun as Augustus Gloop being trapped in a chocolate tube. And while I, PERSONALLY, think it's far from funny...people on Twitter seem to think differently. Of course, the jokes started rolling in. And some parents agreed it was funny, sharing pictures of their own kids getting X-rays. Obviously, the mechanism serves a purpose. It is made to make X-rays easier and provide a clear image, since kids squirm and move around A LOT. This radiographer even shared their own experience: So, whether you think it's sad or funny, I am just here to say FREE THE BABIES!!!",health
"Former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said last week she believed the Russian state has a favorite in the Democratic primary. “I'm not making any predictions, but I think [the Republicans] got their eye on somebody who’s currently in the Democratic Party,” Clinton said to former Obama campaign manager David Plouffe on his podcast, Campaign HQ. “They're grooming her to be the third-party candidate. The favorite of the Russians. They have a bunch of sites and bots and ways of courting her so far, and that's assuming Jill Stein will give it up, because she's a Russian asset. Yeah, she's a Russian asset. Totally.” Clinton’s team later confirmed she was talking about Tulsi Gabbard. “If the nesting doll fits,” Clinton spokesperson Nick Merrill said. The Democratic representative from Hawaii swung back at Clinton on Friday, tweeting, “Great! Thank you @HillaryClinton. You, the queen of warmongers, embodiment of corruption, and personification of the rot that has sickened the Democratic Party for so long, have finally come out from behind the curtain.” There is no evidence that Gabbard is coordinating with the Kremlin or with an assortment of foreign dictators and extremists. At the same time, Gabbard has been consistently championed by Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad’s propaganda machine, an international network of pro-Trump Hindu nationalists, the American far right, and Russian state media. And if some of these forces are trying to use Gabbard as a cat’s-paw, it serves their purposes to cast her as an oppositional force to the so-called deep state, which is exactly what Clinton’s comments did. The narrative Clinton flirted with — a compromised candidate receiving direct support from a foreign government to disrupt an election — is hilariously old fashioned; The Manchurian Candidate is literally more than 50 years old. It is much easier for an adversary to find a chaotic politician and amplify them. Wrapping the American media up in paranoia about Russia",politics
"One year ago, amid ongoing privacy scandals, Facebook introduced a line of always-listening, voice-activated devices called Portal. Since then, the company has struggled to reassure the public that it will protect their data. And yet it remains committed to putting Facebook hardware with cameras and microphones in customers’ homes. Facebook announced three new products today: the 8-inch Portal Mini ($129) and 10-inch Portal ($179) — two picture frame–sized devices designed to sit on a countertop — and the Portal TV ($149), an accessory designed to sit on top of at-home televisions and let far-flung friends view Facebook Watch shows together. The devices include cameras and microphones designed specifically for video calling and have voice control via built-in Amazon Alexa software. As of today, Amazon Prime Video can also be streamed through Portal, alongside Spotify, Pandora, iHeartRadio, and other apps announced last year. Currently, Netflix and Hulu are not available through Portal or Portal TV. Notably, the new devices have significantly lower prices than last year’s models, which ranged between $200 and $349. Facebook executives said the cuts are aimed at allowing more people to use Portal. “The most important thing for us is getting our experiences out there, and seeing how people react to them,” said Andrew Bosworth, vice president of augmented and virtual reality at Facebook, at a press event on Tuesday. “We’re not focused on the [Portal] business model right now.” The primary function of Portal is making calls over Facebook Messenger, and for the first time, it allows users to place video and audio calls over the Facebook-owned WhatsApp service, which is end-to-end encrypted. Encryption means that only the sender and recipient can see the contents — not even WhatsApp can access the contents. Facebook Messenger works a little differently. Facebook could, if it wanted to, listen to a Messenger call because it has access to the decryption keys. But on a websit",tech
"An Arizona crematorium tested hot for radioactive contamination, and the likely source is a cremated man who was treated for cancer shortly before dying, a new study found. The medical community has long been aware of potential safety risks associated with cremating cancer patients treated with “radiopharmaceuticals,” according to Nathan Yu, the study’s lead author and a resident physician in the Department of Radiation Oncology at Mayo Clinic in Arizona. But contamination of a facility has not been reported until now. The injection of radioactive compounds is increasingly used to diagnose and treat cancer because it can be used to to deliver radiation to specifically targeted tumor cells. Given their alarming findings at the Arizona crematorium, Yu and his colleagues are calling for a more systematic approach to handling this safety challenge. There are no federal rules about exposed dead bodies, resulting in a patchwork of state regulation, according to their letter published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association. And Arizona currently doesn’t have any such rules. The results weren’t surprising to Marco Kaltofen, a nuclear scientist at the Worcester Polytechnic Institute in Massachusetts who was not involved in the study. “They only happened to catch this one case because normally they don’t look,” he said. A 69-year-old man was treated last year at the Mayo Clinic in Arizona for cancer through a common outpatient procedure involving the injection of radioactive compounds into the veins. Not feeling well, he checked into a different hospital the next day and soon died. The place where his body was cremated didn’t know about the recent cancer treatment. When the Mayo Clinic staff discovered their patient’s sudden death, they took steps, including reaching out to the state’s Bureau of Radiation Control, that resulted in a survey of the crematorium. About a month after the man was treated with lutetium Lu 177 dotatate, the very same isotope was d",science
"“How do you prepare for something you don't know is coming?"" Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez asks in the opening scenes of the new, eminently watchable Netflix documentary Knock Down the House. Directed by Rachel Lears, whose previous film followed workers organizing at a New York bakery, the movie chronicles the stories of four women candidates challenging powerful congressional Democratic incumbents in the 2018 midterm elections. Ocasio-Cortez delivers that line as she thinks out loud about the tough election battle ahead against Joe Crowley, then the fourth-highest-ranking Democratic member of the House of Representatives. She’s putting her makeup on in the bathroom, in one of many such intimate moments captured by the film. The scene foreshadows what came after, as she — spoiler alert — became the only candidate followed by the documentary who ultimately beat her opponent. The entire world saw her live reaction to that victory, and her triumph — from her surprised face to the shoes she wore out through campaigning — became iconic, a symbolic reclamation of the possibilities of grassroots activism, and a slap in the face to the kind of establishment centrism represented by Crowley. Since then, Ocasio-Cortez has become one of the leaders of a new class of leftist Democrats, an obsessive object of Fox News ire, a Twitter clapback queen, and an international celebrity of pop star proportions. The Netflix documentary is already being marketed and making headlines for its most noteworthy aspect — the intimate glimpses we get of now-iconic AOC’s life before politics, and the flashes of the behind-the-scenes work that led up to her becoming a Time magazine cover subject. The film’s strength is the glimpses it offers into all of its subjects’ personal journeys. But it’s also limited by how neatly its telling of these stories hews to the same media narratives that emerged after it was filmed. Rather than providing any new insight into the races — such as why, say, Ocasio-Cortez ",reader
"When the pain is so bad it feels like it lasts forever: When your period seems to have a white pants radar: When the Sims perfectly summed it up: When you discover this ridiculousness: When all you want to do it lie there: When...yeah: When a random photo feels way too relatable: When you have a moment of non-clarity: When your period inspires a vivid imagination: When someone totally misses the plot: When you never fail to think this, even though you're a grown-ass adult: When your period turns the dial up to 11: When you wonder if your period is pure evil: Seriously: When it feels like you have ~Spidey sense~: When your period decides to spite you: When people need to just chill and mind their own business: When TV makes you question everything: When you make this major achievement: And finally, when you realize there's at least one benefit to getting periods... ...or two?",health
"WASHINGTON — As dozens of House members in charge of the impeachment investigations sit in on closed-door depositions about Ukraine, at least one person in the room has unusually close ties to President Donald Trump’s administration — Vice President Mike Pence’s older brother, Rep. Greg Pence. The first-term member of Congress sits on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, one of three House committees leading the impeachment investigation (along with the House Intelligence and Oversight committees). He was assigned to the committee earlier this year by members of the Republican House Steering and Policy committees, long before the impeachment inquiry began. Pence has had access to all the closed-door testimonies of officials speaking on Trump’s actions, US–Ukraine relations, and the controversial phone call between Trump and the Ukrainian president, which sparked the official impeachment investigation. When asked if Pence should recuse himself because of his relationship with the vice president, Rep. Adam Schiff’s office deferred to the House Foreign Affairs Committee, which then declined to comment. Several Democratic lawmakers told BuzzFeed News they didn’t realize the representative served on the committee. Rep. Pence's office did not respond to questions for this article. Experts on impeachment say they don’t see his presence on the committee as a potential conflict of interest. “I have not heard of such a potential conflict of interest, nor do I think it would be a conflict of interest, because the oath of a member of Congress would probably be enough to say they need to weigh the evidence independently,” said David Priess, the chief operating officer of Lawfare, a national security blog that has written extensively about impeachment issues. Priess went on to say it would be more likely an issue should the impeachment process reach the Senate and there is a familial conflict. “The Senate is when there is actually a trial,"" Priess said, ""whereas the impeachment p",politics
"I’ve been living with various models of the Apple Watch for the last four years, and with this year’s new Series 5 for the last four days. What I’ve gleaned from testing the Series 5 is that its new features — an always-on display, increased storage capacity, faster processor, free emergency calling around the world (for the cellular model only), and compass (lol) — all make the Apple Watch a more capable, independent smartwatch. But by far the most impactful change to the Apple Watch this year has nothing to do with the Series 5 at all. Alongside the debut of the new watch, Apple dropped the price of the perfectly capable Series 3 to a more accessible $199. For people who have always considered the $400–$500 price tag prohibitively expensive, this might be a good time to finally consider getting an Apple Watch. Just not the newest one. If you are interested in the Series 5, there’s really only one feature worth discussing: the always-on display that finally makes the Apple Watch a bona fide timepiece. Previous models required a twist or raise of the wrist to wake the device’s screen, but the display on the Series 5 always shows the time, like a watch is supposed to. While you’re typing or exercising, the display is dim but still readable. When you raise your wrist, the screen brightens. Being able to glance at the Series 5 meant that I spent less time gesticulating my arms. Another (positive) side effect of the always-on display is that, when the feature is turned off, there are significant battery gains. Apple claims its latest watch’s battery life is 18 hours, which my testing found to be true. With always-on disabled, the battery lasted over 21 hours (with sleep tracking!) and was still at 43% when I woke up the next day. Despite the much-improved battery, the Apple Watch Series 5 is still not a device you can take on a multiday hiking trip, given that it needs to be charged at least every 1.5 days. I’m sold on the Apple Watch — but not necessarily on the Series",tech
"American Media Inc., the National Enquirer’s publisher, has put out a new magazine celebrating the Trump’s administration’s Space Force and bashing Elon Musk — but denies that the federal government or the private space industry had any influence on the publication. Although the estimated $13 billion price tag for this proposed sixth branch of the US military has been met with only lukewarm support in Congress, AMI anticipated the move with 97 pages of propaganda, the ""United States Space Force"" magazine, on sale at drugstores and airport newsstands through April for $13.99. The cover touts “Over 125 Photos,” “Life on Mars by 2050,” and “Top-Secret Weapons Systems.” “This is one of nearly 200 newsstand Special Interest Publications that are part of a broader editorial business of capitalizing on newsworthy and topical events and moments this year,” an AMI spokesperson told BuzzFeed News by email. “All of our Special Interest Publications are decided on, and directed by, internal editorial staff and produced without advertising support or external influence.” A spokesperson for the Air Force, which is for now managing the Space Force, told BuzzFeed News by email: “We are not affiliated with the publication.” These sort of one-time publications from AMI gained notice last year with ""The New Kingdom,"" a celebration of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, Saudi Arabia’s ruler and Trump’s ally, who has been linked to the murder of Washington Post journalist Jamal Khashoggi. That magazine, like the Space Force issue, had no ads and sold for $13.99. Although AMI denied that it had any outside editorial or financial assistance for ""The New Kingdom,"" news reports in June said that the publisher had asked the State Department if it needed to register as an “agent of a foreign principal” after it accepted edits, photo changes, and other images from a representative of the kingdom provided a draft copy. AMI coordinated with Trump's lawyer, Michael Cohen, to squelch accounts of Tru",science
"Earlier this year, BuzzFeed Book Club partnered with the New York City Mayor’s Office of Media and Entertainment to launch this year’s “One Book, One New York” program — the citywide book club getting everyone to read the same book at the same time. New Yorkers voted among five amazing books, and now we’re excited to announce the winner: Just Kids by Patti Smith! Find out about free reading events around the city this summer, and sign up for the BuzzFeed Book Club — where we’ll be opening up the discussion to readers around the world in July. ",reader
"""I am here to show that, while my exterior is noticeable, one must have some goals, solid beliefs and drive to maintain longevity,"" she says. ""I feel like my plastic surgery gave me the outside that matched my inside. It gave me my sexy back! The confidence and empowerment I’ve felt from my surgeries and watching my body transform in front of my eyes has been the most amazing experience. I was so blessed that I felt it was my God-given destiny to pay it forward and help other women achieve their body goals."" Allegra has had four breast augmentations, two Brazilian butt-lifts, and one tummy tuck. ""Boobjobs4moms.com is in the beta stages. Right now it's accepting applicants. I am working with a web designer to make it more interactive,"" says Allegra. ACole Industries, or ACI, is a production company run by Allegra that produces everything from Youtube videos to spoofs to sexy content that the models can use to sell in their donation packages. Allegra also says it is a one-stop-shop for any social media and marketing needs. ""We also offer advice, assistance, and consultation to interested women,"" says Allegra. ""I realized there was a need for something like this many years ago when I would talk to my girlfriends that already had boob jobs. Every single one admitted they would have gone bigger. Not one woman ever said to me, ""Gosh I just went too big,'"" Allegra adds. Allegra has a very personal and emotional investment in her company because she's experienced the process. ""I know the toll it can take on a woman, even without having the expense of the surgery weighing down on her,"" she says. Allegra says her company is a place where she can direct women to a doctor that will fit their needs. She wants to give women personal connections to doctors, including resources and discounts. ""My husband makes me feel powerful and even more influential. He’s a true genius. And I’m showing my children that anything is possible when you combine consistent effort, sheer will, and beli",health
"NEW YORK — Lev Parnas and Igor Fruman pleaded not guilty to four counts of campaign finance violations in a federal court in New York City Wednesday. The two men are longtime associates of Rudy Giuliani, a lawyer working for President Donald Trump, and were key players in his campaign to oust the former US ambassador to Ukraine and dig up dirt on former vice president Joe Biden. Parnas and Fruman — along with two other men, David Correia and Andrey Kukushkin, who pleaded not guilty in the same courtroom last week — are accused of violating federal campaign finance laws prohibiting foreign nationals from donating to US political campaigns. Parnas and Fruman made their first appearance in US District Court for the Southern District of New York Wednesday morning, for an arraignment in which they announced their pleas and the lawyers agreed on the next meeting with the judge. Parnas came to court with his wife by his side. The men have been blocked from talking to each other outside of court as part of their bail agreement, they greeted each other but otherwise kept their interaction minimal. Parnas and Fruman were charged with four counts, while Correia and Kukushkin were only charged with one related to an attempt by all four men to influence the campaign of a local Nevada politician with money sourced secretly from a Russian businessperson, in order to help their aspiring recreational marijuana business. The additional three counts for Parnas and Fruman involve laundering foreign money into US campaigns, entering “secret agreements” in order to hide the campaign finance scheme from federal regulators and the candidates they were donating to, setting up “straw donors” to hide the funds from the Federal Election Commission, and committing “conspiracy” to “knowingly defraud the United States by impairing, obstructing, and defeating the lawful functions of a department or agency of the United States.” Parnas and Fruman were arrested together at Dulles Airport outside of ",politics
"Millennials carry an average of $27,900 in debt, not including mortgages, according to new data released today by Northwestern Mutual. Gen Z, the oldest of whom are now 22 years old, have an average debt of $14,700. Having sizable debt at a young age ""is the new normal,"" said Chantel Bonneau, wealth management advisor at Northwestern Mutual. ""There are lots of people who exit school, and before they start their first job, have debt. That is a different situation from 30 years ago."" Millennials' main source of debt is credit card bills, and Gen Z's is student loans. In a previous poll by CreditCards.com, 40% millennials said the top reason they carried a credit card balance was daily expenses such as groceries, childcare, and utilities, and about 20% pointed to unexpected emergencies such as medical bills and car repairs. Bonneau said discretionary expenses such as vacations and eating meals out also contribute to credit card debt. About 45% of millennials and 43% of Gen Z reported feeling guilty about their debt at least every month — more than other age groups. But debt is a major stressor across age groups. One-fifth of all respondents said their debt made them physically ill at least monthly, 45% said it made them anxious at least monthly, and 35% said they felt guilty once a month or more. Debt — from student loans in particular — has become a regular part of the millennial financial picture. Pew Research Center said in a report earlier this year, ""The share of young adult households with any student debt doubled from 1998 (when Gen Xers were ages 20 to 35) to 2016 (when millennials were that age). In addition, the median amount of debt was nearly 50% greater for millennials with outstanding student debt ($19,000) than for Gen X debt holders when they were young ($12,800)."" Last year, millennials had a median household income of about $71,400, according to Pew — but thanks to their debt, their savings lag behind what older generations had in the bank at the same",tech
"LITTLE FALLS, Minnesota — The stomp of boots echoed above her head. Her father had found the empty cashbox. Monica Rudolph, a 25-year-old living in her parents’ basement after her second eviction, had robbed the box to pay for heroin. She was working two jobs in this small town, waitressing by day and bartending at night, to pay for drugs, but still never had enough. Like a mouse nibbling cheese, she’d steal $30 at a time from her dad’s stash to buy bags of brown powder, until all of the money — $2,000 — was gone. Now it was a Saturday morning, her father had discovered the theft, and she was shaking from heroin withdrawal. She knew days of knee-buckling vomiting, diarrhea, and stomach pain lay ahead. “I had nothing. My life was broken down into four- to five-hour increments to get high, to put off feeling sick,” Monica told BuzzFeed News. After realizing the money was gone, her father railed against her boyfriend. Her mother, Louise Rudolph, asked her if she was on drugs. And after years of pretending otherwise on that day in 2017, Monica said yes. “I just didn't want my daughter to die,” Louise told BuzzFeed News. “Oh my God, I was so scared she would die. I just wanted to get her help."" She opened the Yellow Pages and started calling treatment centers in cities all over Minnesota. Again and again, Monica and Louise heard recorded out-for-the-weekend messages saying to call back on Monday. Monica was scared too. She knew from past attempts to get clean that it would be at least two weeks before a treatment center could take her, because they needed a diagnosis and referral from a doctor first. And she knew she’d never last. “Mom, I cannot be sick that long,” she told her. “Why not call the local hospital?” her mother finally asked, the last place Monica would have thought of. Somebody picked up the phone at St. Gabriel’s Hospital in Little Falls. Monica was immediately transferred to a substance abuse counselor, who did her referral over the phone and then asked i",science
"In the 2005 film Wedding Crashers, Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson party at a series of nearly identical weddings. Save for the ethnicity of the families, there’s only the slightest variations in the look of the wedding hall, band, tables, or bars. It’s a scene that bears some familiarity in my own life, as an old millennial born in the early ’80s. From what I could see, weddings were compulsory and weddings were work: After months of planning — mostly on the bride’s side — there was a resulting unmemorable party with a dinner of chicken or beef and the option of getting down to the Electric Slide. Nearly 15 years after Wedding Crashers the movie, and deep into my own career as a frequent wedding attendee, the scene at the 10th annual Wedding Crashers, a yearly wedding expo in South Brooklyn, offers a radically different experience. One of the many, many cons that happen in Brooklyn every weekend, Wedding Crashers, with its focus on weddings in New York City and the Hudson Valley, is a fair so “interactive and extensive” that it’s like “crashing the weddings we inspire,” according to its website. One hundred vendors hawk their wares: food, clothes, drinks, makeup, photography, venues, lighting, registries, and the Instagram-friendly novelties that pop up on wedding hashtags, from industrial letterboards to coconuts stamped with a made-to-order logo. At $25 a ticket, Wedding Crashers attracts a specific Brooklyn demographic, with young, hip folks in nice leather jackets bearing totes advertising the Dodo and HQ. When I walked into the hall, a con volunteer was handing out tote bags from the One (a “registry collective” from Williams Sonoma that started in October 2018). A mix of Leon Bridges and Lana Del Rey played from the speakers, and the food was tiny, visually striking, and often gluten-free or organic or vegan. Couples milled about, with a higher percentage of grooms-to-be participating alongside their fiancés than you might expect. I chatted with two women — both",reader
,health
"Donald Trump Jr. and other prominent MAGA stars are driving a new social media campaign to pressure Sen. Lindsey Graham to more forcefully defend President Donald Trump from the impeachment inquiry. Graham, the chair of the powerful Senate Judiciary Committee, is one of the president’s top allies in the Senate and is set to play a key role in the president’s impeachment defense. But the president’s die-hard supporters and oldest son are now taunting him to immediately do more, including issuing subpoenas on Trump’s behalf. The campaign has used the #WheresLindsey hashtag to call on Graham to start bringing people in to be interviewed by his Senate committee and to air grievances with what they see as Graham’s inaction to protect the president so far. The hashtag, boosted by Trump Jr. and his allies, was trending in the United States on Tuesday, even after Graham went so far as to explicitly defend Trump’s morning comments about the inquiry being a “lynching.” The inquiry, Graham told reporters, is “a lynching in every sense.” That wasn't enough to save Graham from intense and personal attacks all day online. Republican House members last week framed the impeachment process as not being “transparent” after members were blocked from reading the closed-door testimony from Kurt Volker, the former US special representative for Ukraine negotiations, because they aren’t members of the committees with jurisdiction over the testimony. The Trump-backing Twitter accounts have spread false conspiracy theories about the House Democrats leading the process, in particular Rep. Adam Schiff, the chair of the House Intelligence Committee. Graham, responding to those concerns on Oct. 9, said if House Democrats didn’t release a transcript of Volker’s full testimony, “it would be an abuse of power.” “If this continues, I will call Volker before the Senate Judiciary Committee to testify publicly to ensure the full story is told,” he added. But the MAGA accounts and Trump’s son want Graha",politics
"I take more pictures of my dogs than I do of my kids. I feel no guilt in saying this. My dogs are often a lot more entertaining than my kids, who spend a lot of time doing homework and don’t have an irrational fear of Amazon boxes, large bags, or the wind. Beyond this, dog pics have become an important secondary form of communication with my family. You can say a lot with a photo of a dog eating someone’s underwear. Increasingly, people buy phones for the camera. Or rather: They buy phones for the pictures they can take and share with friends, family, and the internet. I’m no different. I like my phones to be good cameras — not in a “this image exhibits the silver halide qualities of true black and white” way, but in a “this photo of my dog passed out after eating a dozen bagels looks great” way. And with its new triple-camera system (ultrawide, wide, and telephoto), Apple’s new iPhone 11 Pro line is a very good camera indeed — perhaps the best smartphone camera around. It is also a very good phone in a “Thing performs intended functions well. Thing good!” way, as I explained at length last year. The other upgrades? They’re all pretty great, though incremental. But odds are, what you care about is the camera. What I care about is my dogs. Anyway, let’s do this. My dogs and I have spent the past few days with the iPhone 11 Pro Max, and I think they would agree when I say that it is an excellent camera for humans who enjoy photographing dogs. As a test of camera performance, dogs are my gold standard: They don’t stay still, and capturing their details (fur in particular) is a challenge. Not only is the iPhone 11 Pro Max capable of taking dog photos of great variety and visual accuracy, it can take them in the low-light conditions dogs so enjoy and with studio effects that do a good job of making them appear as adorable as they truly are. And if you should, say, drop it in the shallow waters of a local creek while playing lifeguard to an 80-pound dog terrified of being",tech
"A Minnesota man was charged with murder after police used a discarded napkin, which he used to wipe his face while eating a hot dog, to tie him to a nearly 26-year-old cold case. Police arrested 52-year-old businessman Jerry Westrom last week after investigators employed a genealogy company to link his DNA to crime scene evidence from the stabbing death of 35-year-old Jeanne Ann “Jeanie” Childs in 1993. Westrom denied the allegations under questioning, according to the Minneapolis Star Tribune, and was released on $1 million bail on Friday. Westrom’s attorney declined to comment to the paper and did not immediately return BuzzFeed News' request for comment on Monday. Westrom’s arrest is just the latest example of authorities taking advantage of genealogy services to revive decades-old cold cases. For the last two years, federal and local law enforcement have used such databases to match potential suspects to unsolved cases, most notably in the landmark capture of the suspected Golden State Killer. The tactic, however, has raised ethical questions as many people use these private companies and their databases to obtain information about their heritage, unaware that uploading their DNA could potentially help authorities locate family members. Last month, BuzzFeed News reported that Family Tree DNA, one of the largest at-home DNA testing companies, had an agreement to work with the FBI to solve violent crime cases. ""This was a cold hit case,"" Hennepin County attorney Mike Freeman said in a press conference last Friday, comparing it to the Golden State Killer case. ""DNA samples were sent to genealogists who helped us match them together. This was good police work to pass this kind of technique on between cops. While Minneapolis police did not say in a statement detailing the arrest in the Childs case which private DNA company was employed, authorities explained that a break in the case came last year after they entered DNA from the crime scene into genealogy websites, r",science
"If you can't see the sign-up box above, you can sign up here. In my experience, it is rare that I come across a book that grabs my attention and pulls me into its world while also making me feel like it is part of my own. Lot: Stories by Bryan Washington does all of the above with grace and grit. Lot is a collection of stories that take place in Houston, TX (Bryan’s hometown) and provides a provocative look into the lives of many people who experience devastating, humorous, and life-altering situations. With stories that range from a young man coming to terms with his sexuality, to the plight of an immigrant chauffeur and the drug dealer who employs him, to the kid who can’t let go of the woman he loves and goes to comical lengths to win her back, Lot never lets you forget there is life beyond your own four walls, and it invites you to be a part of the world Bryan has so expertly crafted. — Sharod Duncan Get it from Amazon for $16.51, Barnes & Noble for $22.50, or a local bookseller through Indiebound here. Kochai’s touching debut novel is a coming-of-age tale that takes the reader on a journey through war-torn contemporary Afghanistan. The story begins with 12-year-old Marwand, who is visiting his extended family in Logar from America. He is eager to make amends with the family guard dog, Budabash, who he tortured six years ago when he was last in Logar, back when his childish sense of morality and empathy had not yet been fully developed. Now, racked with regret, he attempts to apologize to Budabash for his previous behavior when the dog bites a piece of Marwand’s finger off and runs away. Marwand and his cousins immediately set off to look for Budabash, and they run into a series of adventures, dangers, and mythical characters, including thieves and solders, along the way. 99 Nights in Logar is a multilayered novel that is structured with memories and Afghan fables seamlessly weaved into the main narrative. The result reads like a tale that is told by a gifted st",reader
"Some submissions have been edited for length and/or clarity. ""Every birth is different. The labor for my first daughter felt like a belt around my waist was being slowly tightened a loosened."" —ksloan10 —karae1812 ""The pain would explode from my back, down my legs and butt. Then, when I was pushing....THERE WAS SO MUCH PRESSURE. It felt like my butt was going to blow off. But he was so worth it."" —c407a906c0 ""I had a C-Section."" —rachels425508c64 ""They say you forget the pain, but you don’t! Just thinking about it, I can remember exactly what labor with my son felt like, and he’s two and a half."" –Kimberly Durant, Facebook —robotmouthwash —ashleyb65 —laurenp48b42f47b ""Granted, I had an epidural that was so effective, I was paralyzed from my armpits down...but that vacuum-suck feel came in loud and clear."" —reamund —stoopidme —melodyb4549a79e1 —abbyh4a860a9cd ""AND I had an epidural!"" —toshredsyousay ""BUT once the baby comes out they are the most beautiful thing you’ve even seen...covered in your blood and mucus. Women are warriors."" —momma12312 —jillwulffm ""It was the worst, most painful experience of my life! I love my daughter, but I could NEVER go through that pain again. I knew it was going to hurt, but I had no idea I was going to feel pain on that level!"" —melissac4eef62082 —dollyheavenlypop ""I was expecting, like, shooting pain, but what I got was extremely intense pressure pushing on my bowel."" —laurenk486b7dddf —alicea4e679cdf6 Hey, you. It's me again. The one bringing you the mildly horrifying – OK, extremely horrifying – childbirth stories from the BuzzFeed Community. Lucky for you, we've got some more gems. Enjoy! ""Being in labor with my second daughter felt like a fire goblin was trying to crawl out of my asshole."" ""You know when your lips are really chapped in the corners and then you eat salty chips and you feel like your mouth is going to rip open? It's that but then add on someone pulling your lips as wide open as humanly possible until your mouth lo",health
"WASHINGTON — Bill Taylor, the top US diplomat to Ukraine, shared new details with members of Congress on Tuesday about President Donald Trump’s efforts to secure Ukraine’s help investigating Joe Biden and the 2016 election in exchange for US financial support, laying out in clear terms a quid pro quo request by the president. Trump has repeatedly insisted that there was no “quid pro quo” in his dealings with Ukraine, but Taylor described just that in a prepared statement he submitted as part of his closed-door testimony Tuesday before congressional committees involved in the impeachment investigation into Trump. A copy of Taylor’s written remarks were first published by the Washington Post and Axios. Taylor said he was “alarmed” to learn for the first time in early September that the Trump administration was withholding much-needed financial assistance from Ukraine unless Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky committed to helping Trump with investigations that Trump wanted, including into Biden. “[A]s the Committees are now aware, I said on September 9 in a message to Ambassador Gordon Sondland that withholding security assistance in exchange for help with a domestic political campaign in the United States would be ‘crazy.’ I believed that then, and I still believe that,” Taylor said in the statement. House Democrats who heard Taylor’s testimony said that it was one of the most impactful depositions they had held so far, after hearing weeks of closed-door testimony from current and former Trump administration officials. Rep. Ted Lieu, a Foreign Affairs Committee member, said the testimony was “incredibly damning to the president,” and Rep. Harley Rouda, an Oversight Committee member, told Politico, “The body language of the people hearing it was ‘holy shit,’ seriously.” Rep. Tom Malinowski, who sits on the Foreign Affairs committee, told reporters Tuesday that Taylor’s testimony was meaningful in part because career officials like Taylor “take better notes” and imp",politics
"Elon Musk paid a private investigator more than $50,000 to search for compromising information on a British cave explorer that he called “a pedo guy” on Twitter last year after the man criticized the Tesla and SpaceX CEO’s involvement in the highly publicized rescue of a boys soccer team from a network of Thailand caves. On Monday, a federal court in California posted a slew of documents in the ongoing defamation lawsuit between the British caver, Vernon Unsworth, and Musk, revealing that the billionaire hoped to obtain compromising information that suggested Unsworth was a pedophile. In a court filing, Musk asked a judge to throw out the case by arguing that his July 2018 tweet calling Unsworth a “pedo guy” was not meant to be taken factually. “I did not intend to convey any facts or imply that Mr. Unsworth had engaged in acts of pedophilia,” Musk said in a court filing. “Pedo guy was a common insult used in South Africa when I was growing up. It is synonymous with ‘creepy old man’ and is used to insult a person’s appearance and demeanor, not accuse a person of pedophilia.” Monday’s events are the latest development in a legal headache for Musk that began as a Twitter insult and has now developed into a contentious defamation lawsuit. In addition to Musk’s call for the case to be dismissed, his attorneys also released excerpts of a deposition in which the Tesla CEO defended his support of an investigation of Unsworth by invoking Jeffrey Epstein, as well as a statement from the head of Musk’s family office, who hired an alleged former British intelligence agent to compile a dossier on the cave rescuer. In his statement to the court, Jared Birchall, president of Excession LLC, Musk’s family office, wrote that he hired James Howard, a private investigator and president of Jupiter Military & Tactical Systems in August 2018, after Howard reached out to Musk “to provide investigation services.” Using the alias “James Brickhouse” and an associated email, Birchall began to",tech
"President Trump’s decision to build part of the wall along the Mexican border with Defense Department counternarcotics funds produced strong criticism from international drug trafficking experts. Trump declared the national emergency to make “available additional troops and funding for military construction,” saying he would redirect some $8.1 billion in federal funds toward wall building, including $2.5 billion in money now allocated to military drug interdiction efforts, largely involving National Guard units and cooperation with civilian agencies such as the Department of Homeland Security and Drug Enforcement Agency. The proposed redirection of DOD funds struck drug interdiction experts as a big mistake, especially amid a nationwide drug overdose epidemic. Those overdoses — largely from illicit drugs transported from overseas through ports of entry — killed more than 70,000 people last year. National Guard units collected over 3.3 million pounds of illicit drugs from U.S. communities in 2017 using funds that the President now wants to use to build the wall. “It would be really ill-advised,” transnational crime expert Alex Toth of the University of Tampa, a former DEA special agent, told BuzzFeed News. “It's terrible policy. It guts a vital coordinating function we rely on to interdict drugs domestically and internationally,” former Office of National Drug Control Policy official Rafael Lemaitre told BuzzFeed News. “We have limited resources to deal with the opioid crisis, and we should be looking for ways to get more out of each taxpayer dollar, not less.” The counternarcotics money that Trump said he wants moved comes from a Defense Department program the lets National Guard units serve as a bridge between the police, the US Army and the US Navy. The US military supports efforts by law enforcement in places like Key West, for example, intercepting drug shipments by sea and air through the Caribbean, through which most of the cocaine in the US arrives. Cocaine-r",science
"I hate AirPods. No, actually, I loathe them, with a rabid, visceral, illogical fervor. Imagine my despair, then, in observing the way AirPods have proliferated, seemingly overnight, in the expensive coastal city in which I reside, sitting snugly like bleached pupae in the ears of everyone from finance bros to bus drivers. (Even some of my coworkers, whom I generally like and respect, wear them!) It’s bad enough that AirPods are aesthetically hideous, turning their wearers into unwitting extras in some low-budget dystopian movie, and that they transform everyday public interactions into a dadaist act, wherein service workers and colleagues alike have to figure out if said AirPods-wearer is talking to you or some person literally in their head. (As one service worker recently told BuzzFeed News regarding AirPods use: “I think there’s a good percentage of people who don’t see me as a full person.”) But worst of all, AirPods have become, at least to me, the ultimate symbol of 21st-century conspicuous consumption. They represent the growing global sameness of the upper classes; you’ll find wearers among people of means in every country. That they are expensive, but not backbreakingly so, only makes them more appealing. (To other people, to be clear. Not to me.) They are also harbingers of gentrification. When I read this story of new residents in Washington, DC’s Shaw neighborhood walking their dogs across Howard University’s historic Yard, I imagined they were wearing AirPods as they did it, because they just had to be. In this recent New York Times story about gentrification in Raleigh, North Carolina, a local pastor tries to get newer white residents to consider using the gym built by his church, but “the joggers tend to have earphones in and to look away.” In the 2015 book The Edge Becomes the Center: An Oral History of Gentrification, author D.W. Gibson chats with one native of Brooklyn’s Bed-Stuy neighborhood, who talks about what the latest wave of gentrification ",reader
"A controversial study claiming that some teens abruptly decide to change genders due to peer pressure was deeply flawed, according to a scathing new scientific critique. The original 2018 study used a new term — “rapid-onset gender dysphoria,” or ROGD — to describe certain young adults, typically those assigned female at birth, who develop gender dysphoria due to “social and peer contagion.” The paper has been widely cited, particularly in conservative media, to cast doubt on many gender-nonconforming people’s experiences by framing trans identification as a trend, phase, or disease. But scientific critics and trans advocates have long criticized the methods chosen by the paper’s author, Lisa Littman of Brown University. Within a week of its publication in August 2018, PLOS One, the journal in which the study appeared, announced that it would seek “further expert assessment on the study’s methodology and analyses,” citing reader concerns. This, in turn, prompted Brown to remove a press release touting its findings. Just last month, PLOS One published a correction and an apology, while also noting that the study’s results were largely unchanged. Arjee Restar, a trans researcher in the same department as Littman at Brown, told BuzzFeed News that even in the corrected version of the study, “the methods remain unchanged, flawed, and below scientific standards.” Frustrated by how the work was handled by the journal and her own institution, Restar, a trans graduate student at Brown’s School of Public Health, wrote the new critique, the most thorough and damning description of the research to date. Restar’s study, published today in the Archives of Sexual Behavior, points to several methodological problems, such as relying on survey responses from parents who had visited sites promoting anti-trans views, and biasing their responses with the wording of the study’s consent forms. Littman’s approach, Restar contends, pathologizes trans people. “It’s important to use methods a",health
"WASHINGTON — For weeks, the impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump has been happening almost entirely behind closed doors, leaving a confused American public to follow an incredibly complex investigation largely through reporting on leaks and vague comments from members of Congress. That is all about to change. The impeachment inquiry is coming soon to a television near you, a move House Democrats told BuzzFeed News they hope will shut down Republican complaints about secrecy and help shape public opinion as the 2020 election draws nearer. “We’ve had very compelling testimony from a number of the witnesses so far, and in some ways, all of them would make compelling public witnesses, the ones that I have heard,” said Rep. Tom Malinowski, a Foreign Affairs committee member. “We’re going to have to make some choices in the end [but] think it’ll be very important for the American people to see everything that we are seeing and they will.” Witnesses have been testifying nearly every day, and Democrats have been moving “expeditiously” — their favorite descriptor — to wrap up their impeachment investigation in the month since House Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced her support for the formal inquiry. But the public hasn’t seen hardly any of it so far. No one can say yet when public hearings will start, but with Democrats aiming for a full floor vote impeaching Trump by the end of the year, they’d have to begin soon. “There are still a number of depositions that we have scheduled and that we would like to complete,” Malinowski said. “I don’t think it should take that much longer. I know that’s not totally helpful to you, but I’m not just withholding things, but you know, it’s not like we have decided on this date.” And at least some members believe they should be held in primetime. ""Do it in primetime, so that the majority of Americans can be home watching it — even though most people don't get their news from TV anymore,” Rep. Kathleen Rice, a former prosecutor, told",politics
"When Apple opened its first store in 2001, it seemed destined to fail. Bloomberg Businessweek said, “Sorry, Steve: Here’s Why Apple Stores Won’t Work.” David Goldstein, former president of the consulting firm Channel Marketing, said, “Apple will turn the lights off within two years and will have a very bad and expensive experience.” And the New York Times piled on, “no computer manufacturer has successfully branched into retail stores.” We all know what happened next — Apple changed the retail game. Apple Stores, which now number 508 across 22 countries, broke every rule in electronics retailing on its way to becoming a cultural icon. Instead of the food court, it was a meet-up spot for friends before window-shopping at Hot Topic or Claire’s. People spent hours in its sleek stores hovering over the rows of Mac laptops playing with the filters on Photo Booth and uploading the best photos to Myspace. It felt like stealing when an Apple Store employee would swipe your credit card on an iPhone instead of waiting in line at a register. When they’d operate on your glitchy computer and hand it back to you shiny and new, the people at the Genius Bar seemed like actual geniuses. It was an experience that other computer retailers like Dell and Microsoft tried to imitate but couldn’t. It was the future — and then the future caught up. Now nearly 20 years later, and a week away from the grand reopening of Apple’s Fifth Avenue flagship store in New York, the company faces the same challenge with its stores as it does with its products — how to keep pace once its cutting-edge ideas have become standard. “Now more than ever retailers are depending on experience to drive traffic,” Mike Smith, director of real estate with the business consulting firm Streetsense, told BuzzFeed News. “Apple was a bit ahead of the curve with everyone else playing catch up. But it also makes Apple seem less special and less innovative.” Apple is keeping mum about the details of its new Fifth Avenue sto",tech
"Thousands of young people took to the streets across Europe on Friday as student strikes calling for action to curb climate change continue to spread around the globe. The movement, which was inspired by a solitary picket by a Swedish teenager named Greta Thunberg, has grown into a global push that has seen thousands of students strike in several European countries and Australia. In nearly every country where strikes have taken place, the push is being led by teenage girls, who told BuzzFeed News they've been coordinating globally using WhatsApp, a Discord server, and weekly conference calls convened on Zoom. Scientists agree that human-made climate change is a real and urgent threat, one that's already playing out in the form of rising seas and warming temperatures. Frustrated that adults aren't doing enough to combat the crisis, students are going on strike. Another global day of action — which will also include protests in the US — is being organized for March 15. The protests got support from many other senior politicians, including Britain's opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn and former UN climate chief Christiana Figueres. Though, ironically, the Swedish capital Stockholm had one of the smallest mobilizations this week, with Swedish Radio reporting just 50 people rallying with Thunberg. The Belgian protests are ramping up into a new phase, with university students joining the demonstrations that began with high schoolers.     Students protest in Brighton, in the UK. The UK had one of the largest turnouts this week, where students held mass protests for the first time. It's estimated 15,000 young people took part. UK Prime Minister Theresa May criticized the students through a spokesperson, saying, ""Disruption increases teachers’ workloads and wastes lesson time that teachers have carefully prepared for."" Thunberg, who has more than 175,000 followers on Twitter, posted this reply: One of the largest UK protests was outside Parliament. But other demonstrations are ",science
"There’s a feeling every fat person knows. It happens in that moment when you’re watching something and enjoying it, and then suddenly it’s like you’ve been slapped in the face. Your stomach sinks and your heart twists and your chest tightens. Your smile dies and tears might even form in your eyes. You’ve been hit with a fat joke. Fat jokes can come from the most unexpected places at the most unexpected times. It’s not out of the ordinary to hear them in the mouths of otherwise kind characters, within shows and movies that are lauded as progressive and inclusive (I’m looking at you, Parks and Recreation and Brooklyn Nine-Nine). When a fat character is involved, it’s almost guaranteed that there will be fat jokes, or at the very least, the fat character will be the joke. It’s why, as a fat person, I carefully monitor the media I consume. If I know there’s going to be a fat character, I have to consider whether it’s worth watching a show or movie where I might find bodies like mine being mocked or shamed. When I do turn on media with a fat character, I hope for the best but expect the worst. I brace for it to hurt. Sometimes, though, I don’t get the chance to prepare myself. Sometimes the fat joke blindsides me and leaves me breathless in ways I could never have anticipated. Like when one of my favorite celebrities dons a dehumanizing fat suit, turning one of my favorite characters into a walking, talking fat joke. Yes, I’m talking about Fat Thor. Fat Thor in Avengers: Endgame shocked me and absolutely broke my heart. But he’s just the latest, glaring example that while things may be improving for fat representation on the whole, there’s still a long way to go — especially when it comes to male characters. It’s not an exaggeration to say that Avengers: Endgame was probably the most anticipated movie of the year. It was certainly my most anticipated movie. I’ve been obsessed with the Marvel Cinematic Universe since around 2011 — because while I enjoyed Iron Man and its ",reader
"Some submissions have been edited for length and/or clarity. ""While pushing I literally turned to my partner and said, 'I think I’m pushing the baby out of my butt.'"" —vel728 ""You're sweating and crying and you don’t know care if your husband's aunt sees the OBGYN stick her whole arm in your vagina to check dilation."" —diamondm41a29eed5 ""All of this happened while I was awake."" —j4d56c83bb ""My kiddo refused to come out after 12 freaking hours, so they sent me for a C-Section. My ribs felt like a xylophone as they pulled her out and the first words out of my mouth as I looked at my precious new baby were, 'I can breathe again!'"" —amishgirl281 —hollyskittlesb —amandab4a261d8b4 ""I had a C-Section and it was the most intense pushing and pulling pressure you could ever imagine."" —meaganv3 ""Just like in heist movies when they are trying to get into a vault."" —alliic ""I had a nine-pound baby with no meds – not by choice."" —pjlucci ""That was from Carol Burnett and it's so accurate!"" —lunallee212 ""It got better after I had the epidural, but it did NOTHING for the ring of fire. That shit cannot be masked."" —saraf46cbcaf4c ""When your water breaks, everything is at least five times more painful."" —cheyennerosea ""Baby one: I started puking when my baby crowned, with a fourth-degree tear to the butthole. Baby two: Imagine what it feels like breaking your tailbone 'cause that's what my second child did to me coming out! Baby three: I have no memory because of a complication with my epidural. Baby four: No epidural and I screamed so much I required oxygen."" ""My epidural didn't take after three tries (yes, this can actually happen) AND I had Pitocin, so the contractions were extra strong. Then, add vomiting to the mix. Oh, and innocent little med students asking, 'Mind if we take a peek down there?' There is a reason I only have one child."" —highland207 —giannaw46bbc5340 ""Some moms say it’s not as bad as you think, but I was in excruciating pain. One of my friends said it felt like ",health
"Networks of far-right Twitter accounts backing President Donald Trump have spent the weeks after the announcement of an impeachment inquiry attacking and spreading conspiracy theories about Rep. Adam Schiff, the House Intelligence Committee chair who is helping lead the impeachment effort. The accounts both amplify Trump’s own condemnation of Schiff and go substantially further, with some suggesting the high-ranking Democrat be executed for treason. “Rep. Adam Schiff illegally made up a FAKE & terrible statement, pretended it to be mine as the most important part of my call to the Ukrainian President, and read it aloud to Congress,” Trump tweeted in late September, after Schiff explicitly paraphrased the non-verbatim transcript of the call during a committee meeting. “Arrest for Treason?” Schiff said later in the hearing that his summary of Trump’s call was “meant to be at least part in parody."" The Twitter networks reviewed by BuzzFeed News began to pop up in 2015 to support Trump’s campaign in the lead-up to Republican primaries and organized over private group message rooms, Politico reported in 2017. The accounts amplify each other’s tweets and some have gained over 25,000 followers and tweet and retweet hundreds of times per day. They share messages that promote the Trump campaign’s language and attack his enemies with memes and other posts — giving the president a free and large rapid response apparatus during the impeachment process. Since the impeachment inquiry began, the accounts have adopted language from the president and other congressional Republicans to characterize key members and events that are relevant to the impeachment inquiry. Many have tweeted multiple times per day with similar language to Trump’s tweets about the impeachment, with some tweets garnering less than 100 retweets and others garnering retweets and likes in the thousands, and have spread their messages to thousands of followers. “Adam Schiff now doesn’t seem to want the Whistleblow",politics
"The world pays no heed to those who care little for shiny, new things. It’s a feeling I experience every time someone asks what phone I have. Because today, in late 2019, that’s still an iPhone SE. Do you remember the SE, that glorious, right-sized iPhone? No, it’s not the iPhone 6 from fall 2014 or the iPhone 7, which debuted in fall 2016. It launched between those two models as part of Apple’s annual spring event in March 2016 — which Apple reserved that year for some new nylon Apple Watch bands, a new iPad Pro, and the $399 SE. The SE is worth hanging on to, for me at least, because it is Apple’s final small phone (and I prefer sticking with an Apple phone). Its compact, 4-inch display — which was still in such high demand three years ago that Apple actually brought it back after focusing on bigger phones in 2014 and 2015 — now seems like a relic of the time before the Great Expanding. The new iPhone 11 Pro Max, announced yesterday, has a 6.5-inch display (62% bigger) and adds 0.75 inches in width and 1.35 inches in height. That’s gigantic, and my general rule for phones (and all-you-can-eat buffets, for that matter) is that bigger is worse. Clearly, tons of people disagree — viewing videos and photos is superior on a larger screen, they say; it’s accessible for the visually impaired, they say; it’s just so much easier to work on, they say. Sure, and great! But none of this means anything to me because I can’t operate most big phones with just one hand, which is really the only thing that matters when you’re 5 feet 3 inches tall with small hands and spend 90% of your hourlong commute standing in a moving subway car, which requires holding on to a pole or a door or at least catching yourself on the shoulder of a chivalrous New Yorker with your other, nonphone hand. Oh, and most of my clothes don’t have pockets. I’m sure a large phone is great if you don’t live this life, but for me, it would be like having the nicest carbon-fiber road bike that you can’t ride beca",tech
"Nine months after the dramatic arrest of Joseph James DeAngelo, alleged to be the Golden State Killer, the emerging field of investigative genetic genealogy has given birth to a new forensic science industry. Just weeks after DeAngelo’s arrest, Parabon NanoLabs launched a commercial forensic genealogy service. Since May, it has identified suspects in 36 cold cases, according to its lead genealogist, CeCe Moore. Now Parabon has competition. This week, the biggest forensic DNA testing company in the US, Bode Technology, announced that it is launching a rival genealogy business. In regular crime scene investigations, detectives look for an exact match between a crime scene sample and DNA profiles stored in law enforcement databases to identify a suspect. Forensic genealogy, by contrast, generates investigative leads from DNA databases used by people researching their family trees. Investigators look for genetic profiles that partially match with DNA from a crime scene. They work out how closely these individuals are related to the perpetrator from the amount of DNA that they share. If they find a promising match — for example, a second cousin or closer — genealogists can then use birth, death, marriage, and other public records to build family trees that reveal possible suspects. Potentially, this is a multimillion-dollar business that could help crack tens of thousands of violent crimes. According to analyses of FBI data by the Murder Accountability Project, there have been around 250,000 unsolved murders across the US since 1980 — although how many of those case files contain usable DNA evidence is unclear. Parabon offers initial DNA testing, basic information on a perpetrator’s likely skin, eye, and hair color, and an assessment of whether a case might be solved through genealogy for $1,500, its CEO, Steven Armentrout, told BuzzFeed News. If a case looks promising, Parabon charges $3,500 for up to 15 hours of research by an expert genealogist. “We’re going to be fai",science
"""It's about a magical circus in the 1800s that mysteriously pops up in towns at night. The circus is actually a stage for two rival magicians' protégés to battle each other. The way Morgenstern writes is so magical. She really describes the mystery and beauty of the circus in a way that I've never read before. It's like you're really there in the midst of the magic, like a movie but even better because it's inside your head. I was in a daze for weeks afterward, just searching for something similarly written. I have no words to describe how amazing it is and how much I loved it. I just really recommend it to anyone who hasn't read it yet."" —Rebecca Keller ""The Doll People series by Ann M. Martin was incredibly whimsical to me when I was younger. There's nothing more playful than dolls and their secret lives!"" —Natasha Alvarez ""It's a crazy story [about an ancient witch coven warring with a San Francisco tech startup to save the world]. I love it because of how fun it is, the slow love story, and the excellent writing."" —Susana Gonzalez ""I love it because it reads like a whimsical dream and it’s about everyone falling asleep. The plot sounds like it could happen tomorrow, or it's something that had really happened — just ever so slightly off from the actual world we live in. I love how the characters develop in the novel as well."" —Courtney Rogin ""Some might not see these books as whimsical, but I did. It takes place in the South and discusses the mysterious things that happen with some Southern belles — including the fact that they do not age. Definitely give these a read!!"" —Natasha Simmons ""For me, whimsy isn't just in subject matter but also the form the author takes to tell the story, how we meet the narrator, and how they interact with other characters. For instance, I love a diary or journal, which is the form of one of my all-time favorite books: I Capture the Castle by Dodie Smith. The protagonist and narrator, Cassandra Mortmain, is 17 when we first meet her",reader
"SAN FRANCISCO — Some Google employees are alarmed they weren’t told sooner that a colleague with measles had walked around buildings at their Silicon Valley headquarters — including a campus restaurant — two weeks ago, according to internal forum posts seen by BuzzFeed News. Many are discussing how to protect themselves and their families and to what degree they may be at risk of the highly contagious virus after finding out that the unidentified person spent time in a Mountain View office building April 4. A select group of employees learned about the incident more than a week later, on April 13, when a company doctor emailed them about the infected “Googler,” as BuzzFeed News first reported on Wednesday. Sometime on Tuesday, a warning flyer went up at the restaurant. For many other employees, though, the news report was the first time they’d heard about the potential health risk at their campus, where thousands work, as no wider message went out until Thursday. Some were left annoyed that their employer hadn’t sounded the alarm faster and more widely. “A bit upsetting that I had to find out about this through this Group, via a BuzzFeed News article, rather than from some official Google internal comms,” one Googler wrote on a company discussion board. On Thursday morning, the staff doctor sent a message to multiple internal groups of employees, reassuring them that they were safe while acknowledging that his communication had been “slow.” BuzzFeed News has learned that not only did the potentially infected person visit the office at 1295 Charleston Road, they also hung out in the on-campus Fish Food café, a five-minute walk away. It’s not clear how busy the restaurant, which serves up mussels, grilled fish, and other fare at no charge, may have been at the time, but Google famously plies workers with free meals to keep them on the campus. A public health notice now inside the restaurant informs customers that “a person who may have been contagious with measles” wa",health
"WASHINGTON — Roger Stone on Tuesday lost his challenge to a judge's order barring him from posting anything on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram while his criminal case is pending. A federal district judge in Washington, DC, at first allowed Stone to continue posting on social media, but limited what he could say about his case, after the longtime political operative and adviser to President Donald Trump posted a photo of her on Instagram with appeared to be a crosshairs symbol. The judge then made the gag order more restrictive in July after finding that he repeatedly violated the earlier order. Stone appealed to the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. A three-judge appeals panel dismissed Stone's appeal, finding that the way he'd brought his challenge was wrong. Stone petitioned for what's known as ""mandamus"" relief, which the judges noted was a ""drastic"" step reserved for ""extraordinary situations"" where parties such as Stone had no other options. The problem, DC Circuit Judge Robert Wilkins wrote, was that Stone did have other options to challenge the gag order, and he failed to take them. Wilkins noted that Stone could have filed a regular appeal of US District Judge Amy Berman Jackson's social media restrictions within 14 days, for instance, or appealed under a federal law that lets criminal defendants challenge their pretrial release or detention conditions. Wilkins pointed out that former Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort, who was jailed pending his trial in the summer of 2018 after the government accused him of trying to interfere with witnesses, took the latter route (he later dropped that appeal). ""[D]espite Stone’s protestation that 'no adequate alternative remedy would suffice to expeditiously address the violation' he complains of ... this provision expressly requires expeditious review,"" Wilkins wrote. The court found that because Stone failed to exhaust his ""alternative adequate remedies,"" the judges couldn't hear the appeal — they didn't rule on",politics
"Three powerful senators sent a letter to Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos on Thursday morning demanding that he answer questions about the retailer’s package delivery operation while denouncing it as “a system of deception” that imposes “unfair and dangerous conditions” on workers and the public. The three-page letter, signed by Sens. Richard Blumenthal, Elizabeth Warren, and Sherrod Brown, comes in response to a BuzzFeed News investigation of Amazon’s delivery network, which the lawmakers called “startling.” The investigation — which was followed five days later by a story on the same topic by ProPublica and the New York Times — revealed that Amazon uses hundreds of independent contractors around the US to deliver an increasingly large share of its packages while also creating a legal separation between itself and the drivers who carry its boxes and envelopes. When accidents happen, including numerous deaths, the retailer disavows responsibility. In their letter, the senators wrote that Amazon uses “a variety of underhanded tactics” to allow the retailer to dodge “oversight and legal accountability for the treatment of its workers” and avoid regulation, which puts the public at risk. “Innocent bystanders — as young as 9 months old — have lost their lives and sustained serious injuries from drivers improperly trained and under immense pressure to meet delivery deadlines,” the senators wrote. “It is simply unacceptable for Amazon to turn the other way.” Amazon did not initially respond to a request for comment on the letter. But later Thursday morning, the company issued a statement: Amazon is proud of our strong safety and labor compliance record across our transportation network of employees and contractors, and we continue to drive improvements that benefit our transportation providers, our customers and the public. We have strict requirements for safety and labor wages and working conditions that meet or exceed the law. We also require comprehensive insurance, competitive w",tech
"The Environmental Protection Agency on Thursday announced a road map for limiting toxic chemicals, called PFAS, now widespread in drinking water. “This is the most comprehensive cross-agency action plan for a chemical of concern ever taken by the agency,” said Acting EPA Administrator Andrew Wheeler at a press conference in Philadelphia. But critics say the plan lacks details and lags behind steps that some states are already taking to limit the contaminants in water. “The language is vague. It’s hard to tell if they’re actually committing to taking certain actions,” Anna Reade, a staff scientist at the Natural Resources Defense Council, told BuzzFeed News. “This so-called plan is actually a recipe for more PFAS contamination, not less,” Scott Faber, senior vice president for government affairs at the Environmental Working Group, said in a statement. The EPA is proposing to kick off a process to set a drinking water limit on two of the best known PFAS compounds (PFOA and PFOS) before the end of the year. Also, the agency committed to mapping the sources of PFAS contamination and monitoring for PFAS compounds in sources other than drinking water. PFAS chemicals are lab-made compounds that are used in the manufacturing of nonstick coatings for clothes and cooking pans. (PFAS is short for per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances.) Scientists have dubbed them “forever” chemicals because they do not break down in the environment and can last a long time. “They can contaminate our environment very quickly,” Reade said. The announcement follows a “National Leadership Summit” hosted by former EPA head Scott Pruitt in Washington, DC, last year, and after EPA held meetings near communities that are facing major PFAS contamination problems. Rob Allen, the mayor of Hoosick Falls, New York, where high levels of PFAS were detected in the drinking water, wrote on Twitter that Wheeler’s message echoed Pruitt’s past comments. EPA’s first survey of PFAS compounds, announced in 2016, liste",science
"In most eulogies of the director John Singleton, Boyz n the Hood will likely be examined and spoken of with all the praise it deserves, and hopefully more. There is nothing I can say about that film that won’t be said better by someone else who was old enough to live through its debut. So instead, I want to talk about Rosewood, Singleton’s 1997 historical drama based on true events. It was the first film of his that attempted a retelling of American history — a notable departure from 1993’s Poetic Justice and 1995’s Higher Learning, his two films after Boyz, which continued to explore contemporary black life, black love, and black joys and anxieties. Here’s the real-life version: During the first week of January 1923, the town of Rosewood, Florida, was destroyed. Situated on a railway along the Florida seaboard, Rosewood was primarily black and working class. Shortly before the massacre, a white woman from a nearby town claimed a Rosewood resident had raped her. Despite no evidence, that resident was found and then lynched. A mob of more than 100 (mostly white) men began roaming the outskirts of Rosewood. As black residents attempted to arm themselves and prepare to defend their land, they were quickly overwhelmed and overrun by the violence of the white mob. The town was burned to the ground. The official death toll was eight: six black residents, and two from the white mob. The black survivors of the Rosewood massacre hid in swamps for days until the mob moved on, then they evacuated to new cities. No one ever returned to Rosewood. The town, cloaked in smoke and rubble and then nothing at all, ceased to exist. Singleton’s retelling of Rosewood hones in on the lives of specific characters, caught up in a whirlwind of racial and romantic conflicts. But the history of the story remains. There is a riot brought on by a woman who — at least in the film — explicitly lies about her relationship to a black man. There is a massacre and an attempted rescue mission. There is",reader
,health
" A former top staffer at the Department of Homeland Security who had defended a version of the Donald Trump administration's travel ban recently began working at Google, according to company documents seen by BuzzFeed News. Miles Taylor, who previously served as chief of staff to former DHS secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, started at the search and advertising giant last month as a government affairs and public policy manager. His LinkedIn profile confirms the change, though he lists his title on the professional social network as ""head of national security policy engagement."" Google's relationship with Washington, DC, has become increasingly tense in recent months amid President Trump's continued attacks against the company for its alleged anti-conservative search bias and plans to operate in China. Meanwhile, outspoken Google employees have been pressuring the company to withdraw from certain government projects; in August, nearly 1,500 people signed a petition to demand that Google not bid on a US Customs and Border Protection cloud contract. CBP is overseen by DHS, Taylor’s old agency. Google's employment of Taylor — who previously argued in favor of what he called a “tough” but “tailored” version of a controversial Trump administration rule that barred visitors from six Muslim-majority countries — follows heavy criticism of the travel ban from Google’s senior leadership and cofounders. In January 2017, following the announcement of the original travel ban, Google cofounder Sergey Brin joined protesters at San Francisco International Airport to object to the policy, while Google CEO Sundar Pichai pointedly voiced his displeasure on Twitter and in an email to staff. Google declined to comment on Taylor’s hiring. Taylor did not respond to an emailed request for comment. A Politico newsletter announced his hire earlier this month. Documents seen by BuzzFeed News show that Taylor has been on the job for a little more than a month. His boss is Johanna Shelton, a longtime ",politics
"President Donald Trump announced Wednesday that his administration plans to tackle the rise of e-cigarettes by removing all nontobacco vape flavors from the market, including menthol and mint. “A lot of people think it’s wonderful,” said Trump on Wednesday. “It’s not a wonderful thing.” The announcement comes a year after former Food and Drug Administration commissioner Scott Gottlieb described teen vaping as an “epidemic” and amid an outbreak of a vaping-linked lung illness that has killed five people. Roughly 450 people, mainly young people, across 33 states have been affected by the outbreak. Their symptoms include shortness of breath, coughing, fever, fatigue, and respiratory failure. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has warned consumers to avoid using any kind of vape device. Over the last year, the FDA has been focused on curbing youth vape use. It has issued more than 8,600 warning letters and more than 1,000 fines to online and brick-and-mortar stores for selling vapes and vape products to minors. Working with the Federal Trade Commission, it removed dozens of vape products resembling juice boxes, cereal, and candy from the market and warned others for statements made by social media influencers marketing their products. The FDA also warned Juul Labs this week about marketing its products as safer than regular tobacco products. It requested additional information about its marketing practices to children in schools and tribal reservations. Juul owns more than 70% of the e-cigarette market. “President Trump shouldn’t follow the lead of San Francisco, Mike Bloomberg, and the far left anti-business extremists,” the Vapor Technology Association, a lobby group for the vape industry, said in a statement. “We urge this administration to change course before millions of Americans are forced to switch back to deadly cigarettes, small businesses around the country are forced to close their doors, and tens of thousands of people are laid off.” ",tech
"NASA’s Opportunity rover, originally meant to survive for three months, was declared dead by space agency officials on Wednesday, killed by a massive dust storm after 14 years of roaming Mars. ""I declare the Opportunity mission as complete,"" said NASA's Thomas Zurbuchen at a briefing on the rover. Opportunity landed on Mars on Jan. 25, 2004, rolling out of an airbag onto rusty dirt about three weeks after the arrival of its twin rover, Spirit. Each about the size of a golf cart, and costing a total of $820 million, the twin rovers jump-started a sagging space agency, triggered tears at mission control and visits to JPL from politicians, and sparked the public’s imagination of exploring the red planet. Investigating craters and traces of waterborne rock beds, Opportunity lasted more than 5,000 Mars days, called “sols,” or about 5,200 Earth days, before its mission ended. The rovers roamed slowly — Opportunity had a top speed of 0.1 miles per hour, and covered just 28 miles in its lifetime — and uncovered past signs of watery geology in the walls of craters, pursuing a NASA plan to “follow the water” on the planet. The rovers were solar-powered, and NASA never expected them to live through a Martian winter. They survived by parking on a tilt during winter months to direct more sunlight onto their solar panels. And surprisingly powerful Martian winds reliably cleared the panels of dust. Spirit’s last communication with Earth came in 2010, after it became trapped in the Gusev crater. In June 2018, NASA announced that Opportunity had entered “sleep” mode after a massive dust storm had blotted out its sunlight, draining the rover’s batteries and sending it into a “low-power fault” status that required days to ride out. Despite initial confidence the rover would ride out the storm, NASA officials reported in October that the rover had not revived to independently send a signal after the storm ended, initiating a campaign to sent a wake-up call to Opportunity. The last atte",science
"“If you disagree, go to the front of the line.” That’s what Charlie Kirk tells the 500-plus people gathered in a ballroom at Montana State University in Bozeman. He and Candace Owens, his coheadliner, have spent the previous 90 minutes proselytizing for the free market — and against “the left” — but, as both have been keen to emphasize, they love to debate. And they want anyone brave enough to argue with their theories to cut in front of all the adoring conservatives in attendance to do so. Disagreement is Kirk’s stock-in-trade and the foundation of his YouTube stardom, his Twitter fandom, and his frequent stints on Fox News, where he shares the gospel that liberals — with their campus protests and calls for deplatforming — are in fact the least tolerant actors in the American political landscape. For the last two years, Kirk and Owens have crisscrossed the country for a speaking tour they’re calling Campus Clash — making pit stops at major college campuses, from the University of Washington in Seattle to Penn State in State College, Pennsylvania — as the public faces of Turning Point USA, an organization that uses establishment conservative money to gin up young conservative energy. Like other stars in the constellation of the new, Extremely Online political right, Kirk and Owens pride themselves on their openness to debate. “We think that if you have terrible ideas, we want to hand you a megaphone,” Owens told the crowd. “If your idea isn’t good, we can defeat it with our better ideas. We believe in debate. You can see you’re welcome here, and you’re never gonna have people shout you down. But unfortunately, we don’t get the same treatment on the other side. We have to sneak through kitchens and basements to get in because there’s protesters. Bricks were threatened to be thrown at us at this event.” I knew about that threat, because Kirk had already tweeted about it; emphasizing just how threatened he and conservative thought are on campus is foundational to Kirk’",reader
"SAN FRANCISCO — As Google fights criticism that it has let anti-vaccine disinformation flourish on its platform, the tech giant’s Silicon Valley campus, where thousands work, is now confronting its own in-house case of measles as the virus resurges across the United States. In an email sent to some employees last week and obtained by BuzzFeed News, a staff doctor at Google wrote that a worker who had recently been in one of its Mountain View, California, buildings had been diagnosed with measles. David Kaye, an occupational medicine physician at Google, wrote that the worker had been in the office on 1295 Charleston Road April 4. “We have been working with the Santa Clara County Public Health Department and they would like us to share this measles advisory, which contains information on measles, exposure risks and actions to be taken,” Kaye wrote April 13, adding that “this note is just a precaution.” Neither Kaye nor Google immediately responded to requests for comment. A spokesperson for the county's public health agency confirmed Wednesday afternoon that an unnamed adult resident of San Mateo County “who visited Google” had contracted measles. The case is unrelated to previous cases in Santa Clara County, and there is no additional public health risk, according to the agency. The dangerous virus was eliminated from the US in 2000 — but there are now 555 cases across 20 states, the CDC said this week. New York City has declared a local outbreak to be a public health emergency and issued a mandatory vaccination order. In Santa Clara County, which includes Mountain View, there are four confirmed cases of measles, public health officials said Tuesday. Public health experts blame the resurgence, at least in part, on the spread of anti-vaccine falsehoods on social media platforms. In February, BuzzFeed News found that YouTube’s algorithm continued to promote anti-vax videos even while facing pressure from US lawmakers to curb the content. Following that story, YouTube ",health
"WASHINGTON — The progressive group that helped elect Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is throwing its weight behind more progressives running for Congress, a nudge that could boost the profiles of some otherwise long-shot candidates. Brand New Congress is backing Isiah James of Brooklyn in New York’s 9th Congressional District against Democratic Rep. Yvette Clarke, Tomas Ramos of the Bronx in New York’s 15th Congressional District to fill the widely sought-after seat of retiring Rep. José Serrano, and Shaniyat Chowdhury in New York’s 5th Congressional District against Rep. Gregory Meeks of Queens. The three candidates are among 11 progressives Brand New Congress will endorse officially on Tuesday, with more to come in the following weeks, the group told BuzzFeed News exclusively. Brand New Congress plans to endorse a total of 40 candidates for 2020. Combined, Brand New Congress will back six candidates against Democratic incumbents of the prominent New York congressional delegation in the first election since Ocasio-Cortez’s unexpected win over longtime New York Rep. Joe Crowley. James, Ramos, and Chowdhury all said they were inspired by Ocasio-Cortez’s win. “She shows that the machine can be beaten,” James said. James, 33, moved to New York in 2013 after serving two tours in Iraq and one in Afghanistan with the US Army. He filed to run against Clarke in late January and has since campaigned on affordable housing, tuition-free college, universal health care, ending mass incarceration, and the Green New Deal. “My goal is to bring the kind of representation to Congress that hard-working Brooklynites deserve,” James told BuzzFeed News in a phone interview. “This is not the same old centrist politics with a new face. We have fallen by the wayside,” he added, calling Clarke’s acceptance of PAC money “an anathema for Shirley Chisholm’s legacy and an affront to everything the venerable Shirley Chisholm,” who once represented the district, “would be for.” James has not submitt",politics
"The #AppleEvent went down today and, among other things, details regarding the iPhone 11 were revealed. As a result, people fired off their reactions and of course many of them were funny. Here are some of the best.",tech
"Republicans believe blasting the Green New Deal will be a winning strategy going into the 2020 elections, capitalizing on the Democrats recently botched rollout of the bold climate proposal. As Republicans, and especially those in swing states, struggle to figure out how they will address climate change, “the Green New Deal clarifies the Republican position,” Alex Conant, a Republican strategist and former communications director for Marco Rubio’s 2016 presidential bid, told BuzzFeed News. “It’s much easier to say I care about climate change but oppose the Green New Deal.” Rather than endorse it, use it as the start of a negotiation, or ignore it, “it's better to wage a war against it,” said Matt Gorman, the former communications director at the National Republican Congressional Committee. “I think Republicans are going to use it across the ballot.” It seems as if Mitch McConnell is on board for this plan, too. The Senate majority leader announced on Tuesday that he’s going to schedule a vote on the Green New Deal, in order to get Democrats on record supporting or opposing the controversial proposal. “We'll give everybody an opportunity to go on record and see how they feel about the Green New Deal,” McConnell said. For months a vague political concept, the Green New Deal took a less amorphous shape last week, when Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a Democrat from New York, and Sen. Ed Markey, a Democrat from Massachusetts, unveiled a nonbinding resolution outlining a few concrete, if broad goals. Under the sweeping 10-year proposal, the government would eliminate “pollution and greenhouse gas emissions as much as technologically feasible,” such as by cutting down emissions coming from the agricultural, transportation, and manufacturing sectors. The plan also lays out environmental goals unrelated to climate change, such as “guaranteeing universal access to clean water” and “cleaning up existing hazardous waste and abandoned sites.” The proposal would also require the ",science
"I've covered politics and Washington, DC, for 15 years for MSNBC, ABC News, and as Chief White House Correspondent for CNN. These days, I’m breaking down the big stories in politics every day on Instagram. In my new novel, Savage News, the main character Natalie Savage is a driven young reporter who wants to cover the White House and is struggling to learn the ways of Washington and cable news. This list of books might have helped her — each offers insight into how DC works, from K Street (insider lingo for lobbyists) to the White House and Congress (VIP society). They also dive into intersections of race, gender, and power politics in our nation’s capital. Here are my top ten books — fiction and nonfiction — to read if you want to understand Washington, DC. This is a laugh-out-loud satire about a low-integrity tobacco lobbyist who spins for cigarettes and a fat paycheck. He gleefully refers to his friends — lobbyists for firearms and alcohol — as the merchants of death. In the end, he sees the light. The book is dark and cynical and doesn’t even attempt to show that Washington is also filled with idealistic, mission driven people. Still, it’s an incisive and delicious book. I re-read it many times while writing Savage News. Get it from Amazon for $12.99, Barnes & Noble for $16, or find it at Indiebound or your local library. This searing portrait of Lt Col John Paul Vann and the tragedy of the Vietnam war is a work of exquisite reporting and reads like a novel. Vann knew the war was doomed to fail and railed against an establishment that wouldn’t hear reason. It’s a striking story of one individual battling groupthink. Get it from Amazon for $16.47, Barnes & Noble for $21, or find it at Indiebound or your local library. This is Joan Didion on the Clinton era. Her essay collection takes a scalpel to what she calls the “permanent professional political class."" You might not agree with her analysis of the politics of her time, but her razor sharp critique of the media",reader
"When a woman is pregnant, her body's blood volume increases by as much as 50%, which can make the vagina swollen and super sensitive. Her breasts are also engorged and sensitive. In addition, pregnant women have increased levels of oxytocin, estrogen, and progesterone, which can lead to heightened arousal and amazing orgasms. So, obviously, lots of women have increased sexual desire during pregnancy — and a whole lot more orgasms. A woman's vagina is likely going to change or increase in odor when she's pregnant, and that's a result of her changing hormones. The pH levels in the vagina change during pregnancy. The Journal of Perinatal Education says women may taste saltier or more metallic. The phenomenon known as lightning crotch is when pregnant women experience a sharp or shooting pain in their vagina, rectum, or pelvis. Some women describe the pain as feeling like a lightning bolt to the vagina (hence the name). Lightning crotch is most common in the last trimester of pregnancy. It's true, pregnant women produce more discharge to protect their cervix. When women are close to their due date, they may expel a gooey mucus plug out of their vagina, which is a sign that they are about to give birth. Unfortunately, vaginal itchiness is a common side effect of pregnancy. This happens because the increased vaginal discharge and pH changes irritate the sensitive skin in that area. Due to increased estrogen levels and pH level changes in a woman's vagina during pregnancy, yeast infections can be common. A pregnant woman's risk of having a UTI is only slightly higher than it is when they are not pregnant. However, the risk of having the UTI progress to a kidney infection increases to 40%. Up to 22% of pregnant women get vaginal varicose veins. The added pressure and weight of the baby create the varicose veins, which can cause swelling, pressure, or pain. They are most common in the second or third trimester of pregnancy. Pregnant women's pubic hair grows faster than usual",health
"Presidential candidate Julián Castro said on Monday that he will have to drop out of the Democratic primary if his campaign doesn't raise $800,000 in the next 10 days. In an email to supporters, Castro said he will not have the resources to continue campaigning if he can't raise the funds by the end of October. ""The truth is, for our campaign, these debates have offered our only guaranteed opportunity to share my vision with the American people. If I can’t make the next debate stage, we cannot sustain a campaign that can make it to Iowa in February,"" Castro said in the email. ""My presidential campaign is in dire need of financial resources to keep going."" The campaign needs the funds to be able to continue operating and to have a shot at securing a spot at the November Democratic debate. Castro’s campaign has very little cash on hand compared to most of his competition, according to the most recent FEC filings. His campaign, which raised $3,495,406 and spent $3,960,970.81 last quarter, had $672,333 on hand as of the end of September. The highest-polling candidates have millions of dollars on hand, and even low-polling candidates like Sen. Michael Bennet and Gov. Steve Bullock who have not qualified for recent debates have more on hand than Castro. Castro is the second Democratic candidate to make such a plea this year. At the end of September, Sen. Cory Booker said he would drop out if his campaign was not able to raise $1.7 million in 10 days — a higher goal than Castro’s and one the campaign ultimately hit. ""Our campaign is facing its biggest challenge yet. Secretary Castro has run a historic campaign that has changed the nature of the 2020 election and pushed the Democratic party on a number of big ideas,"" Castro campaign manager Maya Rupert said in a statement. ""Unfortunately, we do not see a path to victory that doesn't include making the November debate stage — and without a significant uptick in our fundraising, we cannot make that debate."" Castro has the 165",politics
There’s also a Facebook support group if you do have trypophobia.  The new iPhones are here! There’s an iPhone 11 Pro and 11 Pro Max (the bigger one). The 11 Pro and Pro Max have new cameras with three lenses. But people started noticing something about those three lenses... Something troubling. Trypophobia is the fear of small holes. It makes looking at pictures like this one make you feel gross and weird: So if you feel kind of ~squshiy~ looking at this: Or this: Or maybe THIS: Then you do NOT want to gaze at this bad boy. And definitely do NOT look at this.,tech
"Major dams in California are five times more likely to flood this century than the last one due to global warming, a new study finds, possibly leading to overtopping and catastrophic failures that threaten costly repairs and evacuations. That means Californians can expect more disasters like the Oroville Dam, whose overflow channel failed in 2017 after days of flooding had filled state reservoirs to 85% of their capacity, leading to the evacuation of more than 180,000 people and losses of around $300 million. In June, an analysis led by UCLA researchers concluded the Oroville Dam spillway overflow was worsened by climate change. The results of the new Geophysical Research Letters study suggest that there are at least six other major dams in California that have an even higher potential flood risk than the Oroville Dam did, study author Amir AghaKouchak of the University of California, Irvine, told BuzzFeed News. “The Oroville Dam shows what the chances of these failures look like, and might become the new normal.” Right now, heavy snows build California’s mountain snowpack. But higher temperatures in the coming decades will mean that much of the state's mountain snow will instead fall as rain, leading to floods, the new analysis found. “In a warmer world, we expect more precipitation, which influences flooding,” AghaKouchak said. “We tried to look into the future to ask about the probability of that affecting dams.” California’s New Don Pedro, Shasta, Lewiston, and Trinity Dams face the highest risk of flooding in this century, according to the new report, which combined the results of 10 climate models assuming “business as usual” for the global climate — the roughly 7 degree Fahrenheit rise path that the world is now on — with a hydrological model of 13 major dams and rivers in California. The study also analyzed a less severe future where humanity decides to lower its greenhouse gas emissions. The state of California acknowledged that climate change poses a risk,",science
"The first time I ran away from home was because your husband, my father, slapped me. He was drunk and I was fifteen years old. The blow was so hard; it sent me reeling into the closet. I remember cradling my stinging cheek with one hand, and using the other to shelter myself from the rain of clothing and metal hangers. After I recovered from the shock, I crawled out of the closet, packed my suitcase, and left. Outside, you rounded the corner, just home from a long day of work, and were stunned to see me lugging my suitcase toward a waiting taxi. You asked what was wrong, even though it was evident from the tears in my eyes and the angry red blotch on my cheek. “I hate him,” I screamed as the driver set my suitcase in the trunk of the car. I climbed into the back seat and slammed the door, leaving you standing on the sidewalk wringing your hands. I don’t know what happened in the apartment that evening. I’m sure the two of you argued. I’m sure he called me disrespectful, accused me of talking back, of behaving as if I were better than him because I attended private school and my classmates were privileged white girls who spoke to their parents any old kind of way, and he wasn’t going to tolerate that type of insolence from his black daughter. I stayed with my best friend for three days and three nights. I did not call to let you know where I was or that I was safe. My plan was to spend the next few weeks there and then head back to boarding school at the end of the summer. How exactly I was going to do that — sans money — I did not know. On the morning of the fourth day, just as the night sky flaked away, the apartment bell buzzed. And then buzzed again — long and hard and angry. I knew before my friend’s mother peered through the peephole that he was on the other side of that door. [ Related: Bernice McFadden Picks 10 Books That Will Remind You Of Your Own Strength ] In the back seat of his car I bawled the entire ride home. Over the years, I ran away again. He was ",reader
"Expect even more measles outbreaks in the United States in coming years, public health experts say, thanks to overseas epidemics and growing misinformation efforts by anti-vaccination activists. Outbreaks of the highly contagious virus are now active in 20 states, with 555 confirmed cases in the US this year alone, according to the CDC. That’s well on track to exceed 2014’s record of 667 cases, the highest number recorded since the disease was declared domestically eradicated in 2000. All of the new US outbreaks originally derived from infections transmitted by travelers — either visitors from overseas, or US residents who went abroad. “Every case we have now is associated with travel,” Thomas Clark, deputy director of the CDC's viral diseases division, told BuzzFeed News. And with measles cases now surging outside of the US too — seeing a 300% global increase this year compared to last — we are likely to see more cases here, public health experts say. “It is unfortunately the new normal,” Harvard Medical School epidemiologist John Brownstein told BuzzFeed News. And the booming anti-vaccine movement in the US and across the world is making it harder to keep it in check, he said. On Monday, the World Health Organization reported that 170 countries have confirmed more than 112,000 cases so far in 2019. That’s probably an underestimate, as only about 1 in 10 actual cases is reported to the WHO. Severe outbreaks in countries such as Madagascar, the Philippines, and Ukraine, among others, are, “causing many deaths — mostly among young children,” according to the health agency. Those epidemics are leading to outbreaks even in countries with good overall vaccination rates, such as Israel, Thailand, and the US. “Absolutely what we are seeing is that under-vaccinated areas in the US are the kindling and the huge numbers of infections overseas are the spark that ignites outbreaks here,” Baylor College of Medicine infectious disease expert Peter Hotez told BuzzFeed News. Measl",health
"Next year's G7 summit of world leaders will no longer take place at one of President Donald Trump's resorts, he tweeted Saturday night, after days of anger over his decision to grant a high-profile government event to one of his own properties. Trump's acting White House chief of staff Mick Mulvaney announced the selection of the Trump National Doral Miami for next June's G7 summit on Thursday, calling it ""far and away the best physical facility"" for the meeting. During a press conference, Mulvaney described a vigorous search process that ultimately still landed on one of the president's properties (another, Mar-a-Lago, was also considered, he said). Mulvaney said Trump was the one who suggested the Doral as a possibility. ""In fact, I was talking to one of the advance teams when they came back, and I said, 'What was it like?' And they said, 'Mick, you’re not going to believe this, but it’s almost like they built this facility to host this type of event,'"" Mulvaney said. Mulvaney insisted to reporters that the selection would not be a conflict of interest, or violate the Constitution's emoluments clause, which prohibits the president from accepting benefits from foreign governments. ""Donald Trump's brand is probably strong enough as it is and he doesn't need any more help with that,"" Mulvaney said. He also acknowledged that there would be criticism of the decision, but said the White House would stick to its guns. ""We absolutely believe this is the best place to have it. We’re going to have it there,"" he said. ""And there’s going to be folks who will never get over the fact that it’s a Trump property. We get that. But we’re still going to go there."" The G7 switch is the second big headline from Mulvaney's press conference that the White House has since retreated from, after the White House walked back his comments on Ukraine. In 2012, the last time the US hosted the G7, the summit was at Camp David. Trump, who tweeted dozens upon dozens of times on Saturday, said he t",politics
"Apple just announced its brand-new iPhones: iPhone 11, iPhone 11 Pro, and iPhone 11 Pro Max. In 2017, the company changed the iPhone’s naming convention to “iPhone X,” a nod to the device’s 10th anniversary — and this year, Apple is changing how it names the iPhone again. Here’s the lowdown: The “11 Pro and Pro Max” are Apple’s high-end phones and successors to the XS and XS Max, while the more budget-friendly iPhone 11 is the upgrade to the iPhone XR. (Apple should really name its devices with the release year, like cars. The 2019 iPhone. The 2020 iPhone. It’s so much easier! Whatever.) The biggest difference between the two — the 11 Pro/Pro Max and 11 — is their screens. The 11 has an LCD screen, while the Pro and Pro Max have OLED screens, which have more contrast (in other words, blacker blacks and brighter whites). There is also another distinction between the two: the 11 has two camera lenses and the Pro/Pro Max lines have three. Apart from screen and camera lenses, all three phones have a new, faster, and more energy-efficient chip (A13 bionic), and a slew of camera software improvements. It’s now 12 megapixels, up from 7 megapixels in last year’s model. There’s an ultrawide capability and also slo-mo for, uh, slo-mo selfies. The new three-camera system on the iPhone Pro and Pro Max is designed for better wide-angle photography (for 4x optical zoom range), higher-resolution images, and better 4K video recording. The three lenses are telephoto, wide, and ultra wide, and you can switch between them using the iPhone’s zoom adjust tool. The ultrawide lens has a 120-degree field-of-view lens and f/2.4 aperture. The new iPhones are designed with a shatter-resistant glass material that, the company said, can withstand more kinds of drops. The smartphones can be submerged under water for longer, too. The iPhone now ships with a bigger, 18-watt charging brick (last year's iPhones ship with 5-watt chargers) to power up the Pro and Pro Max’s battery faster. The iPhone P",tech
"Sound on Earth travels through vibrations in the air. But in outer space, there is no air for sound to travel. Since the moon has no atmosphere, there is no breeze to slowly erase footprints. They exist in a vacuum. If the sun were like an empty ball, you could fit 1.3 million Earths inside. This is only the case when the moon is at apogee – aka the farthest point from Earth. You can see a great breakdown here. It has been estimated that there could be 1000 billion billion stars in the observable universe, based on a couple of assumptions about galaxy size and distribution. The reason why we can't see the whole universe is because some parts are too far away from Earth. Their light hasn't had enough time since the Big Bang to reach us. Jupiter's Great Red Spot is about twice the size of Earth. The storm has been raging for over a century. WE ARE SOOOOO SMOL. The planet has been dubbed the ""vacuum cleaner of the solar system"", because its gravitational force eats up asteroids or comets that are nearby, stopping them from colliding with Earth. Due to low pressure, the boiling point of your bodily fluids decreases below your body's normal temperature, which is about 37 degrees celsius. This means your fluids will start to form gas bubbles and you will swell up – but you won't explode, because human skin is super stretchy. This is because your body would have used up all the oxygen by this point. Oh, and if you tried to hold your breath, your lungs would rupture. This is scientifically known as ""spaghettification"", and happens when ""the gravity wants to sort of stretch you in one direction and squeeze you in another,"" according to Joe Polchinski, a physicist at the University of California, Santa Barbara. You however, would continue past the event horizon to your inevitable death. Light takes so long to reach Earth that by the time we see the light from the stars, years have passed. The exact time depends on how far away the star is. The faster you move, the slower time",science
"There are no illusions as to what YouTube users are looking for when they click on titles that hold the promise of catastrophe. It’s why a video called “Pencil Stuck in My Eye Prank” has nearly 13 million views, why some of the platform’s most popular vloggers have taken baths in liquids like hot sauce, and why a video of a woman stomping grapes and then falling and injuring herself was an early viral hit on the video-sharing platform. In recent weeks, a legion of YouTubers big and small have been subjecting themselves to discomfort in a novel way: by visiting their local “worst” businesses as determined by online reviews, particularly the behemoth app of the sector, Yelp. Each “worst reviewed” video follows essentially the same format. The willing customer scrolls through Yelp reviews until they find the lowest rated of one particular kind of business. They then read some sample negative reviews to prime their viewers, and themselves, for what to expect, a ritual that nearly always involves the YouTuber exclaiming, “I’m so nervous!” or “I’m so freaked out right now!” Next comes the actual visit to the business, which the video creator attempts to film, either covertly or outright. The end of each video then comes with a breakdown of the highs and lows of the visit as well as the ultimate judgment: Is this business really as bad as Yelp reviews say it is? The worst reviewed genre is just the latest iteration of the frivolous consumerism that’s long been a staple of the platform’s trends. Frequent YouTube viewers will recall summer 2016, when it seemed like any vlogger looking for guaranteed views was putting 100 layers of a beauty product, and sometimes variants like glue, on their bare and willing bodies. The appeal lay in observing the mysteriously pleasurable (and wasteful) wonder of seeing someone crumble as they struggle to slather one more layer of mascara on their quivering, encrusted eyelashes. Meanwhile, “haul videos” have flourished for more than a decade ",reader
"""NTA I think it's very reasonable of you to say you think they're gross but if your daughter (not your wife) really wanted to go to one you'd go for her. I think it's a little weird that your wife got so worked up about it, and that seems like something you two will need to work out between you."" –djheat ""I'd say it's better to cultivate a healthy family dynamic with shared interests and time spent bonding as a family unit and individuals rather than focusing on a single day...and I say that because the girls I knew that participated pretty much had what I call 'Kodak moment dads,' the kind that don't have an active role in their kids' lives."" –JerseySommer ""I disagree; Yeah, the roots might be bad, but the idea of it is different now. I loved daddy/daughter dances with my dad. They were special times to bond and dance with other kids my age and him. It never had anything to do with my sexuality and we aren’t religious. You’re not the asshole for not wanting to do it, but maybe think about how many people actually think of it that way."" –WholeESheep ""I can see why your wife is sensitive on 'I don't want to do that with my daughter' given how her own father was uninvolved. Surely there are plenty of awesome bonding things you could do with your daughter that don't have this weird creepy overtone (I agree with you on it, and seen through a non-USA lens it really is a very unsettling cultural thing). If your kid goes to a school where those dances are a thing, it might be hard to not participate without it becoming something that your daughter’s social circle remarks upon. It's likely that your wife's friends at that age remarked upon her not having a father come to that kind of event with her. I think that would be good to acknowledge with your wife. There's real pain there that she wants to spare your kid, but going along with gross traditions isn't the only way to do that. You guys are on the same team here. The joy of starting your own family is that you can invent",health
"On Oct. 2, 2019, Bernie Sanders had a heart attack. Eighteen days later, on a Saturday afternoon in New York City, approximately 25,872 of his supporters made the trip to Queensbridge Park, a sweep of green overlooking the East River, where, framed by the Manhattan skyline and the steel beams of the 59th Street Bridge, they formed the largest crowd in support of any Democratic campaign in the primary to date. A parade of big-name supporters took the stage to suggest, at points with defiance, that the candidate was better positioned than ever to win the nomination. His wife, Jane Sanders, promised her husband was not just ready — he was “more than ready” to keep running. His campaign cochair, Nina Turner, cautioned the crowd to be on the lookout for “ageism” in the press. “Memo to the mainstream media, memo to the haters: Hashtag Bernie is Back.” And one of his earliest supporters, filmmaker Michael Moore, warned of pundits who would say Sanders, age 78, is just “too old.” The crowd booed back with vehemence. “Well here’s what’s too old,” Moore went on. “The electoral college is too old. That’s what’s too old. A $7.25 minimum wage — THAT’S TOO OLD. Women not being paid the same as men — THAT’S TOO OLD.” “Superdelegates,” Moore yelled to the crowd with disgust. “What’s that??” “TOO OLD!” they called back on cue. “Fossil fuels — what’s that?”“TOO OLD!” This October has been perhaps the most testing month of the Vermont senator’s long career. The heart attack he suffered three weeks ago at an event in Las Vegas landed him in the hospital, where doctors discovered a blocked artery and inserted two stents — putting a sudden halt to a campaign that remains competitive in large part due to its relentless pace and sense of urgency. But at his first campaign event since the procedure — advertised by Sanders officials as a “Bernie’s Back” rally — the health scare mattered only insofar as it seemed to serve as an incongruous source of triumph and energy in the face of those who",politics
"In March 2011, a group of technology executives gathered in a private dining room at an upscale Italian restaurant in downtown Long Beach, California, for a meal and some conversation. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, Tesla CEO Elon Musk, Google cofounder Sergey Brin, and others were all in town for TED, the annual conference with the slogan “ideas worth spreading.” They were among friends at an annual event called the “billionaires’ dinner,” without a retinue of handlers and hangers-on. Yet when the event was later immortalized online, at least one infamous individual was missing from the names of the masters of the universe who had gathered for the evening: the convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. This elite dinner, and another similarly select gathering that Epstein attended later that year, were both organized by the New York literary agent John Brockman, whose exclusive intellectual club, called Edge, seems to have played a role in Epstein’s efforts to regain credibility and influence in circles of the rich and powerful. At the time, he was less than two years removed from finishing a 13-month prison term in a Florida state jail for soliciting prostitution from an underage girl. A leaked email obtained by BuzzFeed News also suggests that Epstein separately pursued ties with Microsoft cofounder Bill Gates. The months following Epstein’s release from prison would be crucial for the disgraced financier as he began his reacclimation to the upper-crust social circles he had occupied before his arrest. In late 2010, Epstein reportedly hosted a dinner for celebrities and Prince Andrew at his Upper East Side mansion, and by the next year he was once again mingling with Brockman, an über networker among the elite of tech, science, and Wall Street. With a goal to “seek out the most complex and sophisticated minds, put them in a room together, and have them ask each other the questions they are asking themselves,” Brockman’s Edge Foundation had previously welcomed Epstein as a p",tech
"Harold Marmon had always been small for his age. When he was 14, his parents were worried enough to enroll him in a growth study at Rockefeller University Hospital in Manhattan, just across the river from their home in New Jersey. It was led by Reginald Archibald, a doctor and scientist at one of the world’s most prestigious research institutions. Marmon remembers walking into a foreboding building with his mother, who was told to stay behind in the waiting room. Inside the examination room, a gray-haired, white-coated Archibald was waiting for the boy, alone. In his soft voice, he told Marmon to undress head to toe. Then, Marmon recalled, the doctor began touching and rubbing his genitals. Archibald took close-up photos of his penis and asked him to pose for others while standing against a wall, hands open and legs slightly apart. Marmon left with a prescription for a hormone therapy that would ostensibly make him taller. He would return the next year for another exam, then tell his parents, without elucidating why, that he wanted to drop out. That was 1975. He would not think or speak of the study for decades, until he came across a New York Times story in October of last year, when Rockefeller publicly acknowledged that Archibald — who died in 2007 — had engaged in “certain inappropriate conduct.” The elite university is still investigating the doctor, and has reportedly contacted 1,000 former patients to ask if they have information to share. At least 150 of Archibald’s former patients are now consulting with lawyers to get justice for the abuse they remember from decades ago. Some of these men are also calling for Rockefeller to reevaluate Archibald’s scientific legacy. Archibald published at least 19 papers about biochemistry and childhood growth, and a BuzzFeed News literature review found at least three with photos of naked children or close-up penises, as well as a fourth with X-rays of children’s hands. Victims say the scientific record should somehow refl",science
"Chatting with CNN personality Van Jones on her show last Tuesday, Wendy Williams was in trademark tell-it-like-it-is, heat-seeking form. Jones was there to promote a new show, and as the interview was winding down, Williams asked about his ongoing divorce from his wife. “You still wear your ring,” she noted, gesturing toward his left hand. “And you got something on your hand too,” he shot back, laughing, “so I ain’t talking about that.” “No, this isn’t…” she trailed off, looking uncharacteristically flustered amid a boisterous audience. “I’m just saying,” he interrupted sheepishly, “ …we can talk about your man.” Jones was specifically referring to Williams’ ongoing tabloid-ready divorce drama with her husband, Kevin Hunter. The exchange, written up in Page Six, broadly highlighted the uncomfortable position she’s found herself in as she’s become the kind of scandal-plagued celebrity that she usually focuses on during her talk show musings. In September 2017, the Daily Mail published the results of a multiyear investigation, alleging that Williams’ husband had been leading a double life with a “mistress” for over a decade. One month later, Williams passed out on live television, wearing a Statue of Liberty Halloween costume. The surreal, thoroughly memed moment, opened the floodgates to a stream of stories about her personal life that threatened to overtake any of the celebrity stories that make up her “Hot Topics” pop culture commentary segment. Then, in early 2018, Williams revealed that she had been diagnosed with Graves’ disease, and that doctors had ordered her to take three weeks off from the show. She never addressed the tabloid news about her husband’s affair, and some gossip sites expressed skepticism about the timing of her diagnosis announcement. The rumors continued when she embarked on an unprecedented planned two-month leave of absence in January, replaced by a number of fill-in hosts — including Nick Cannon, Sherri Shepherd, and Jerry O’Connell. Her s",reader
"Australians are heading to the polls in a month and politicians are making a lot of promises. Here’s what the two major parties are promising when it comes to women’s health. The government: The biggest chunk of money in the government’s women’s health strategy released this month was $20 million for research into ovarian cancer which prioritises early detection and finding a cure. The government has promised $32.6 million to make breast cancer scans more affordable, saving patients up to $1,500 per scan. The Labor party: It has promised $47 million in Medicare subsidies for breast cancer MRIs, a $20 million investment in the Olivia Newton-John Cancer Research Institute for research into advanced breast cancer (however this also covers funding for advanced brain cancer), $12.5 million for metastatic cancer nurses in 24 new locations and $1.2 million for other metastatic breast cancer support. The Labor party has promised $12 million for the Ovarian Cancer Australia’s national action plan for research. The party’s broader $2.3 billion promise to cut cancer patients’ out-of-pocket costs could benefit ovarian and breast cancer patients as it aims to fund free consultations with oncologists and surgeons and make diagnostic imaging, medicines and treatments more affordable. The government: The government this month promised just over $10 million for research and education about endometriosis. This includes $9 million for research to improve the treatment and understanding of an “often misunderstood and crippling condition”, $1.06 million to develop a digital health platform for information and resources and $160,000 to disseminate educational videos to medical professionals and patients. In July last year the Turnbull government released a $4.7 million national action plan for the condition. The Labor party: A campaign spokesperson told BuzzFeed News that Labor would match this funding commitment and that the party’s sexual and reproductive health strategy addresses endo",health
"Rudy Giuliani, the lawyer and former Republican mayor of New York who has been amplifying misinformation to Republican President Donald Trump, has more than just one favorite online conspiracy. His obsession with the utterly unfounded theory that Democrats colluded with Ukrainian nationals to delegitimize Trump's 2016 presidential win is only Giuliani's latest flight of fancy. It is predated by another that is equally ridiculous: that a 78-year-old Muslim cleric named Fethullah Gülen used a global network of followers to conspire with Hillary Clinton to influence the 2016 presidential campaign. At one point in 2017, according to the Washington Post, senior administration officials asked Giuliani specifically not to bring up Turkish issues — like Gülen’s status in the US — when he met with Trump. Giuliani’s Turkish “hobby horse,” as one former official described it, is far from a random international political figure, though. Gülen is an important node in a tangled web of far-right paranoia. Giuliani told BuzzFeed News that he has never pushed for Gülen's extradition, even though the Washington Post reported otherwise. Nevertheless, understanding why Giuliani was so obsessed with him means understanding how state-sponsored Turkish trolls were able to hijack American right-wing media in 2016 — and may do so again this time around. As we saw with the way doubts about a cybersecurity firm hired by Democrats in 2016 evolved into an unfounded global criminal conspiracy, these ideas can take form in strange ways, but typically follow a pattern. They start in an anonymous community, which may have been infiltrated by state actors, where the narrative develops in fits and starts. It’s then aggregated by viral news publishers, who transmit a refined version of the narrative back to the community (as well as amplifying it to a bigger audience), who mutates it further. Here’s how, between 2016 and 2017, this all fell into place around an obscure Turkish cleric. Gülen, born in 1",politics
"Photos and videos posted to private accounts on Instagram and Facebook aren’t as private as they might seem. They can be accessed, downloaded, and distributed publicly by friends and followers via a stupidly simple work-around. The hack — which works on Instagram stories as well — requires only a rudimentary understanding of HTML and a browser. It can be done in a handful of clicks. A user simply inspects the images and videos that are being loaded on the page and then pulls out the source URL. This public URL can then be shared with people who are not logged in to Instagram or do not follow that private user. According to tests performed by BuzzFeed's Tech + News Working Group, JPEGs and MP4s from private feeds and stories can be viewed, downloaded, and shared publicly this way. “The behavior described here is the same as taking a screenshot of a friend’s photo on Facebook and Instagram and sharing it with other people,"" a Facebook spokesperson told BuzzFeed News. ""It doesn’t give people access to a person’s private account."" But it's not exactly the same. There is a difference between being able to screenshot a private image from a webpage and being able to easily publicly share the URL of that private image with un-authenticated users. The hack works even when images and videos in a private Instagram story, which are meant to last for only 24 hours, expire or are deleted. Linking URLs to content from stories seems to be valid for a couple days; links to photos on the feed remain live for potentially even longer. The same is true for stories that have purportedly expired. Because all of this data is being hosted by Facebook’s own content delivery network, the work-around also applies to private Facebook content. If a friend or follower grabs the link, they can use it to share that content with nonfriends and nonfollowers. It’s worth noting that while Instagram tracks who sees your content on the app, it does not track who is looking at your content via public URLs",tech
"If Donald Trump really wants to end the US HIV epidemic by 2030, as he announced in Tuesday’s State of the Union speech, he will have to stop stigmatizing immigrants and trans people, according to health care experts. About 1.2 million people nationwide have HIV, and every year another 40,000 are infected. One in 2 has the virus for at least three years before they're diagnosed. ""Together, we will defeat AIDS in America. And beyond,"" Trump said in the speech, lauding scientific advances in the treatment and prevention of HIV. ""My budget will ask Democrats and Republicans to make the needed commitment to eliminate the HIV epidemic in the United States within 10 years."" On Wednesday, federal health officials released more details of the ""Ending the HIV Epidemic: A Plan for America"" proposal, which calls for reducing US HIV infections by 75% by 2025, and by 90% by 2030. They will focus on the 48 US counties with the highest infection rates and seven southern states with high rates of widely distributed infection rates. The goal is to get everyone infected there on treatment to reduce the amount of virus in their bloodstreams to non-transmissible levels and get everyone at high risk of becoming infected on medication that prevents infection. ""The time to end this epidemic is now,"" CDC chief Robert Redfield said on a phone briefing for reporters. Such a plan is very doable, HIV prevention experts told BuzzFeed News, applauding recent speeches by Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar advocating wider use of drugs that prevent HIV transmission. But groups with highest rates of the virus include gay, trans, black, and Latino men, drug users, and people living in Southern states without public health care — constituencies not exactly embraced by the Trump administration, which is trying to build a wall on the Mexico border and kick trans people out of the military, and disbanded its Office of National AIDS Policy in 2017. “Ending the HIV epidemic matches the scientif",science
"Toward the end of Paul Schrader’s most recent film, First Reformed, the main character straps on an explosive vest with the intention of blowing himself up — along with a church full of other people — driven by an inarticulate but intense desire to strike a blow on behalf of the environment. The character’s name is Ernst Toller, he's played by a dyspeptic Ethan Hawke, and he isn't an ecological radical when the film starts. He's a minister at a small church in upstate New York that's more of a historical tourist attraction than a functional place of worship, and when we first meet him, he seems to think about climate change the way a lot of us do, or used to — as inexorably dire but also still distant enough a concept to not cast a shadow over our day-to-day lives. That changes after he pays a visit to a troubled parishioner named Michael (Philip Ettinger), an activist for whom the effects of global warming are not abstract at all, and who's in the grip of an existential crisis prompted by his wife Mary's (Amanda Seyfried) pregnancy. How can it be justifiable, he demands of Ernst, to bring a child into a world you believe is going to crumble within their lifetime? He's not being dramatic or alarmist. It's a real question, one he shores up with all the data he's accrued about sea levels rising and land mass shrinking, which he follows to logical conclusions about catastrophic change and civilization being shaken at its foundations. ""The bad times will begin,"" as he puts it. ""This isn’t some distant future. You will live to see this."" Ernst is the preacher, but Michael is delivering his own fire-and-brimstone sermon. Their conversation echoes the first chapter of journalist David Wallace-Wells' best-selling climate change opus The Uninhabitable Earth, which opens with the assurance that our situation ""is worse, much worse, than you think,"" before pondering the question of children and whether having them signifies optimism or just ""willful blindness."" While Ernst goes",reader
"More than 700,000 Australian women have endometriosis, in which cells similar to those that line the uterus grow outside of the uterus, leading to all sorts of symptoms including debilitating pain. Up to a quarter of women with endometriosis are asymptomatic, but most experience dysmenorrhea (painful periods), chronic pelvic pain and painful sexual intercourse, and between 30% and 50% of endometriosis patients struggle with infertility. Endometriosis and infertility “go hand in hand” says Melbourne-based advanced laparoscopic and gynaecology surgeon Dr Kenneth Leong. “On the most basic level endometriosis could cause scarring of the fallopian tubes, which interrupts fertilisation because the egg doesn’t get picked up every month and travel to where it can be fertilised,” Leong, who sub-specialises in infertility and IVF, told BuzzFeed News. The time it takes a woman with endometriosis to be properly diagnosed in Australia can be “up to nine years”, Leong said. “I get a lot of patients where, because endometriosis is so under-diagnosed, they come to see me and many years have passed so they have all this inflammation, tissue destruction, distortion of pelvic anatomy and all of this contributes to infertility,” he said. “In really severe cases where you have this inflammation and your pelvic cavity is just really angry with the disease, the egg quality can actually get affected and there are studies that show it can affect the quality of your endometrial lining, which affects egg plantation,” he said. Leong said the “gold standard” for diagnosing endometriosis remains a laparoscopy — a keyhole surgery used to examine or operate on the interior of the abdominal or pelvic cavities. “During a laparoscopy, you can sight the lesions, you remove them completely and get some tissue to confirm it is endometriosis,” he said. “If it is in the early stages, it is quite easy to treat and you just excise it completely when it hasn’t done enough damage to wreck your fallopian tubes",health
"WASHINGTON — An impeachment trial in the Senate would be a massive threat to President Donald Trump, but it could also cripple — or boost — the campaigns of a half dozen Democrats vying to beat him. A House vote to impeach the president seems overwhelmingly likely, as his administration refuses to cooperate with the House impeachment inquiry. That would kick impeachment to a trial in the Senate as soon as late November. An impeachment trial would consume every senator’s schedule. Under the Senate’s current rules, all senators must be in session Monday through Saturday, starting at around noon each day. The trial may last several weeks — Bill Clinton’s impeachment trial lasted five — thus taking several candidates off the campaign trail the month before the primaries start. That’s a major problem for the six senators running to be the Democratic nominee for president — Cory Booker, Michael Bennet, Kamala Harris, Amy Klobuchar, Bernie Sanders, and Elizabeth Warren. Bennet, who is struggling in polls and has missed qualifying for the last two presidential debates, said Thursday he didn’t know whether he’d still be able to campaign during the demands of a trial or if he’d have to put it on hold. “We’ll have to see. But we’ve got an obligation here and we’ve got to make sure we do it properly,” said Bennet. Mitt Romney, who ran for president twice as a Republican, shrugged and laughed when asked about juggling a presidential campaign with a six-days-per-week impeachment trial. “It would be disruptive, that’s all I can tell you,” he said. It’s not as if senators can rely on showy moments during the trial like dressing down a witness during a committee hearing. Because senators are the jurors of an impeachment trial, they must live through every politician’s nightmare of sitting and watching the proceedings without speaking. In theory, the Senate could change its rules and lighten the schedule. But that would require unanimous consent from both Democrats and Republicans, a",politics
"Today, attorneys general from 48 states, Washington, DC, and Puerto Rico announced an antitrust investigation focused on Google, looking at whether the search giant stifled competition and restricted access to its platforms from other companies. The bipartisan group, led by Ken Paxton, the Republican attorney general of Texas, referred to Google as an ""online search juggernaut."" State regulators from California — where Alphabet, the parent company of Google, is based — and Alabama did not join the probe. ""When my daughter is sick and I search online for advice, I want the best advice from the best doctors, not the ones who can spend the most on advertising,"" the Republican attorney general of Arkansas, Leslie Rutledge, said during a press conference held on the steps of the Supreme Court. In a blog post published Friday, Google's senior vice president of global affairs, Kent Walker, wrote, ""We have always worked constructively with regulators and we will continue to do so."" States have the ability to levy fines or receive damages from companies found to be engaging in anticompetitive practices but, according to Matt Stoller, a fellow at the Open Markets Institute, the most important aspect of the investigation is that it will reveal how exactly Google works. ""The trial is the remedy. Exposing the deals and how the companies use customer data, etc, will have a salutary effect,"" Stoller told BuzzFeed News. This year, Google will account for 31.1% of worldwide digital ad spending, the largest market share of any company, according to an eMarketer estimate. Jason Fried, the CEO of the productivity software Basecamp, recently complained that the company had to pay Google to be the first result on searches for its own name, which is trademarked. Tech giants — including Apple, Facebook, Amazon, and Google — are facing increasing scrutiny from federal regulators and Congress. In March, Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts published a plan to break up tech platf",tech
"A climate science skeptic with a history of botched research is the latest controversial addition to the Environmental Protection Agency’s Scientific Advisory Board. John Christy, a climate scientist from the University of Alabama, Huntsville, was one of eight people added on Thursday to the panel, which provides scientific advice to the EPA’s director. Another 21 experts, many drawn from industry and state agencies, were also added to related advisory committees. Under President Donald Trump, the EPA has overhauled its advisers, shortened the term limits for advisers, and mandated that participating members refuse EPA grant money. Environmental and science advocacy groups, as well as past EPA officials, criticized the latter change as favoring industry members and forcing some prominent scientists to choose between being an adviser and keeping their research funding. Trump administration appointees to EPA’s main advisory panel now outnumber past members by 26 to 19, according to the Union of Concerned Scientists. They include fewer university researchers investigating the health effects of toxins and pollutants and more voices of experts from polluting industries or state regulators. And some of the Trump-appointed members hold fringe views in their field — including Christy. “I’m skeptical of the conclusions that can be drawn from climate models,” Christy told BuzzFeed News. “I think there is a rush to judgment that every time something happens it’s because of global warming.” Christy and his colleague Roy Spencer were the first researchers to analyze temperatures in the troposphere, a lower atmospheric layer, using satellite records. They identified cooling — not warming — in recent decades, a surprise in an era of global warming. But when others, including Carl Mears, a senior research scientist at the research company Remote Sensing Systems, reexamined Christy’s work in the early 2000s, they found errors that when corrected revealed warming in the troposphere. ",science
"Nestled in the historic Falk's Market, the indie bookstore and café An Unlikely Story is owned by Jeff Kinney (author of the children's series Diary of a Wimpy Kid) and his wife Julie. The shop regularly hosts author events and encourages long visits, serving breakfast, lunch, coffee, and wine. Indie Bookstore Day 2019 events: Paddington Bear storytime, more info here. Co-owned by Ann Patchett (Commonwealth, Bel Canto, the forthcoming The Dutch House) and her business partner Karen Hayes, Parnassus Books is not only a bookshop but also a bookmobile, traveling around Nashville with a selection of titles. It also hosts two book clubs. Indie Bookstore Day 2019 events: Singalong storytime, music, prizes, giveaways, and one-day-only books and merch. More info here. Owned by Louise Erdrich (The Round House, The Bingo Palace, Future Home of the Living God), Birchbark Books and Native Arts specializes in Native literature and Native-made goods, including basketry, jewelry, paintings, and more. [ Related: Louise Erdrich, Great American Novelist, Is Just Getting Started ] Indie Bookstore Day 2019 events: Giveaways, music, live poetry, refreshments, and children's creative activities coordinated with ARTrageous Adventures. More info here. Ashley Warlick (The Arrangement, Seek the Living, The Summer After June) is a partner at M. Judson Books, which specializes in Southern books but also serves food, sells vintage home goods, and works with local artists. The shop is named after and inspired by Mary Judson, who worked as principal of the Greenville Female College in the early 19th century and taught every class the school offered. Indie Bookstore Day 2019 events: Story time, author talks, and more. More info here. Owned by Emma Straub (Modern Lovers, The Vacationers, Laura Lamont's Life in Pictures) and husband Michael Fusco-Straub, Books Are Magic hosts nearly daily readings and panels, and features a substantial children's section complete with reading nook. Indie Bookstore D",reader
"Every year on the first Sunday of April in Kawasaki, Japan, one might cross paths with a peculiar sight — a succession of enormous erect penises parading down the street under the strength of men in traditional female garb. This year, photographer B.A. Van Sise was in attendance of the annual Festival of the Steel Phallus, a regional tradition dating back to the 17th century that today serves as a platform for the benefit of HIV research. Here, Van Sise shares his experience and some of the history behind what is perhaps the most phallic festival in the world. Early April in Kawasaki, Japan, is set aside for the Kanamara Matsuri, or the festival of the steel phallus, in which a hundred thousand revelers come here to celebrate one thing: the male organ. Home to the Kanayama Jinja Shrine, Kawasaki, southwest of Tokyo, has been closely tied to the male anatomy for centuries, due to a persistent local legend, so its famed Shinto shrine to the relic of a steel phallus was, well, erected. Legend holds that a jealous, red-faced, sharped-tooth demon hid in the vagina of a goddess and then bit off, to their great surprise, the penises of her first two husbands. History forgets to mention why she failed to warn the second guy. Finally a third, more determined suitor, a blacksmith, created an iron phallus that broke the demon's teeth; the man won over the beautiful woman while the demon presumably returned back to the ether to receive quite the lecture from his orthodontist. The shrine is humble but has stood the test of time. Made of old stone and boasting a small but pretty network of traditional orange torii gates, it was built in roughly 698 CE — but is now more famously home to the festival — in prim and proper Japan, an unusual but charming celebration of the sacred and the profane. While beautifully frocked Shinto priests in the shrine celebrate the thousands-year-old god, long worshiped by prostitutes fearing disease and pilgrims worried for their fertility, a differen",health
"Two men who were charged alongside two longtime associates of Rudy Giuliani, a lawyer who works for President Donald Trump, pleaded not guilty Thursday to violating federal laws that prohibit foreign nationals from contributing to US campaigns. The two men, David Correia and Andrey Kukushkin, were two of four people named in an alleged campaign finance scheme, according to a grand jury indictment announced by US Attorney Geoffrey Berman for the US District Court for the Southern District of New York and unsealed by the court last week. The indictment accused the two men, as well as Giuliani associates Lev Parnas and Igor Fruman, of funneling money from an unnamed Russian donor to state and federal candidates through “straw” corporations and donors in order to gain political influence and boost a business venture. While Parnas and Fruman were charged with four counts of disguising the source of those donations to various US campaigns, as well as attempting to bypass limits on campaign contributions, Kukushkin and Correia were charged with only one count: conspiracy to “defraud the United States by impairing, obstructing, and defeating” legal restrictions on foreign donations as well as “source and amount restrictions in federal and State elections,” the indictment stated. In their first court appearance in the Southern District Court of New York on Thursday afternoon, Correia and Kukushkin sat stone-faced with their lawyers, both wearing blue suits with starched white collars. The arraignment was short, the lawyers announced both men were pleading not guilty, and US District Judge Paul Oetken set their next court date for Dec. 2. Kukushkin, Parnas, and Fruman were arrested last week — Parnas and Fruman were apprehended at the Dulles airport outside Washington, DC, with one-way tickets to Vienna, while Kukushkin was arrested in San Francisco. Correia was not apprehended until Wednesday, when he surrendered himself to authorities at John F. Kennedy International Airpor",politics
"Period tracker apps are sending deeply personal information about women’s health and sexual practices to Facebook, new research has found. UK-based advocacy group Privacy International, sharing its findings exclusively with BuzzFeed News, discovered period-tracking apps including MIA Fem and Maya sent women’s use of contraception, the timings of their monthly periods, symptoms like swelling and cramps, and more, directly to Facebook. Women use such apps for a range of purposes, from tracking their period cycles to maximizing their chances of conceiving a child. On the Google Play store, Maya, owned by India-based Plackal Tech, has more than 5 million downloads. Period Tracker MIA Fem: Ovulation Calculator, owned by Cyprus-based Mobapp Development Limited, says it has more than 2 million users around the world. They are also available on the App Store. The data sharing with Facebook happens via Facebook’s Software Development Kit (SDK), which helps app developers incorporate particular features and collect user data so Facebook can show them targeted ads, among other functions. When a user puts personal information into an app, that information may also be sent by the SDK to Facebook. Asked about the report, Facebook told BuzzFeed News it had gotten in touch with the apps Privacy International identified to discuss possible violations of its terms of service, including sending prohibited types of sensitive information. Maya informs Facebook whenever you open the app and starts sharing some data with Facebook even before the user agrees to the app’s privacy policy, Privacy International found. “When Maya asks you to enter how you feel and offers suggestions of symptoms you might have — suggestions like blood pressure, swelling or acne — one would hope this data would be treated with extra care,” the report said. “But no, that information is shared with Facebook.” The app also shares data users enter about their use of contraception, the analysis found, as well as thei",tech
"It’s so brutally cold in the Midwest right now, with subzero temperatures lingering for days, that schools and businesses are closing, mail carriers aren’t delivering mail, transit workers are lighting fires to keep trains running, and people are dying. The “polar vortex” is blasting cold air normally found around the North Pole into the middle of the country. These US-bound Arctic blasts have become more common in recent decades, and some scientists say global warming is to blame. Although this climate link is still under debate, what’s indisputable is that over the coming years and decades, climate change will harm much of the inland United States. Sea levels and hurricanes may get most of the attention, but a warming planet will have impacts throughout the country, from the South to the Great Plains to the Midwest, causing fires, flooding, heat waves, beetle outbreaks, changes to snowmelt, and crop failures that could result in billions of dollars in losses by 2100. “Too many people see climate change as a coastal issue,” said Julie Cerqueira, executive director of the US Climate Alliance, a governor-led group responding to the climate crisis. “And we forget that droughts, heavy flooding, wildfires — that these are all issues the rest of the country faces.” “The impacts of sea level rise are so clear and so targeted,” Kimberly Hall, a climate change ecologist at the Nature Conservancy and an author on the Midwest chapter in the 2018 National Climate Assessment, told BuzzFeed News. “It is much harder to pinpoint one driver of impacts in the Midwest because you’ve got so many things interacting.” The impacts range from the shifting ranges of plants and animals to longer pollen seasons and even a cross-country ski race canceled due to lack of snow. But one of the most important and noticeable effects in the Midwest is an increase in rain, especially heavy rain, scientists say. “One of the important trends in the Midwest has been the increase in heavy rainfall and as",science
"A couple weeks ago, I made the mistake of watching Netflix’s new documentary series Our Planet after hitting a friend’s weed pen. Even though I knew that famed naturalist David Attenborough’s latest project aimed to explicitly address the effects of climate change, I was still expecting to (mostly) enjoy a big, splashy nature doc, letting myself become fully immersed in the overwhelming beauty and vastness of life on Earth — especially since, someday all too soon, many of these glorious scenes will be lost to us. What I didn’t expect were the horrors awaiting me at the (now-infamous) end of Episode 2. A huge group of walruses congregate on a tiny stretch of land because they can’t gather on swaths of Arctic sea ice that no longer exist. Forced to find space from the crowd, some of the poorly sighted animals climb up steep cliffs — then, sensing other walruses below, fling their bodies off the edge. Somehow I’d missed all the coverage of Netflix’s warnings to animal lovers about this particular moment. Even if I had, I don’t think anything could have prepared me to see these gentle, gigantic animals tumble to their deaths. I started to weep; I think being stoned could only partially account for my spiral. Piles of walrus bodies, smashed and bloody, will now join the morbid climate change gallery I keep on shuffle in my brain when I’m, say, trying to go to sleep or otherwise enjoy my life: the endangered orangutan trying to stop a bulldozer and save its home, or the polar bear mother and cubs crowding onto a tiny block of ice in the environmental advocacy commercials that used to play, over and over again, in my childhood. Even worse: I picture the growing number of human climate refugees, driven from their homes by droughts, flash floods, and fires, a tableau of mounting apocalypse on a near-biblical scale. Walruses aside, some critics don’t think that Our Planet goes far enough. Yes, we see a fair bit of animal death, in addition to ghostly forests of dead coral and",reader
"She wrote: ""I’d never experienced fear like that — a sense of doom closing in. I could see my life ahead, and it wasn’t worth living. I am an actor; I need to remember my lines. Now I couldn’t recall my name. In my worst moments, I wanted to pull the plug. I asked the medical staff to let me die. My job — my entire dream of what my life would be — centered on language, on communication. Without that, I was lost.” She wrote: ""I told my bosses at Thrones about my condition, but I didn’t want it to be a subject of public discussion and dissection. The show must go on! Season two would be my worst. I didn’t know what Daenerys was doing. If I am truly being honest, every minute of every day I thought I was going to die."" She said: ""Basically, I was in the gym, the most excruciating pain, like an elastic band just went, like, snap in my head. I felt an enormous amount of pressure suddenly, and then very, very, very quickly I realised I couldn't stand and I couldn't walk, and in that moment I knew I was being brain-damaged."" She said: ""With the second one, there was a bit of my brain that actually died. If part of your brain doesn't get blood to it for a minute, it will just no longer work. It's like you short-circuit. So I had that. There was a deep paranoia. I was like, 'What if something has short-circuited in my brain and I can't act anymore?' I mean, literally, it's been my reason for living for a very long time."" Emilia said: ""You go on the set, and you play a badass character, and you walk through fire and you speak to hundreds of people, and you're being asked to work as hard as you possibly can. And that became the thing that just saved me from considering my own mortality."" Last month, Emilia Clarke revealed that she'd experienced several life-threatening brain aneurysms that started after the first season of Game of Thrones wrapped. In an essay for the New Yorker, Emilia explained that she'd been rushed into urgent surgery in 2011 after being diagnosed with a su",health
"Energy Secretary Rick Perry informed President Donald Trump on Thursday that he would soon step down from his cabinet position, as attention continues to focus on his role in the Ukraine scandal that has launched an impeachment investigation against the president. According to Bloomberg, which first reported the news, Perry notified the president of his decision in writing on Air Force One on the way to Texas, where Trump was due to attend an event with Dallas supporters on Thursday evening. BuzzFeed News subsequently independently confirmed the report. As recently as 10 days ago, Perry had downplayed rumors of his imminent departure. “They’ve been writing the story that I was leaving the Department of Energy for at least nine months now. One of these days they will probably get it right,” he said. “But it’s not today, it’s not tomorrow, not next month. Keep saying it and one day you’ll be right.” Perry is one of several top Trump officials and allies who has come under the scrutiny of House members as part of their impeachment investigation. Investigators issued subpoenas against him on Oct. 10 as part of a probe to determine if he improperly sought to influence Ukraine’s state-owned gas company. As the energy secretary, Perry helped promote President Trump’s fossil fuel agenda in the US and abroad, including advocating for exporting natural gas to Eastern Europe and helping secure coal exports to Ukraine. But he also had an expanded role in Ukraine, replacing Vice President Mike Pence in leading the US delegation attending Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky’s inauguration in May. Perry’s repeated interactions with Ukrainian officials, including just in September, have recently made him a person of interest in the congressional probe, which was prompted by a whistleblower complaint into Trump’s dealings with Ukraine. At the center of the whistleblower complaint is a July phone call Trump made to Zelensky, where he asked a ""favor"" of the new Ukrainian president to",politics
"Apple’s ability to generate attention around a launch event remains unparalleled, and Tuesday morning’s gathering at its 1,000-seat Steve Jobs Theater in Cupertino, California, was no different. Its event went just about as expected: new phones, new tablets, new watches. New! At this year’s annual fall media gathering, the device maker unveiled three versions of the new iPhone 11, including new “Pro” lines that feature three camera lenses. Also launched: a refreshed Apple Watch with ceramic and titanium chassis options, a new iPad, and Apple Arcade, a game subscription service for $4.99 a month. Apple TV+, the company’s new service for original movies and music, is also set for release on Nov. 1. Apple is saying the iPhone 11 Pro is the highest-performing design yet. It comes with a bevy of upgrades including an OLED panel, HDR 10, stronger glass, and better water resistance. It's 15% more energy-efficient and its display is being called the Super Retina XDR. It has an A13 bionic chip. The iPhone Pro has a battery that will last at least four hours longer and comes with a fast charge. The camera on the iPhone Pro has a new wide camera, a new telephoto camera, and a new ultrawide camera. The phone's image signal process will allow all kinds of new photo options, including a 4x optical zoom range. Also, after a software update this fall, the iPhone Pro will support something called ""Deep Fusion,"" which uses a neural engine to shoot nine images, analyze them, and then optimize pixel-by-pixel for detail and low noise. The phone also shoots 4K and 60 frames-per-second video. iOS 13 has more video editing options built into the Photos app. Pricing for the iPhone 11 Pro starts at $999, and the iPhone 11 Pro Max starts at $1,099. They are available for preorder on Friday. The Phone 11 is Apple's successor to the iPhone XR. It has a faster A13 Bionic processor, which Apple claims is the fastest graphics processor in a mobile phone, and a dual camera system. The iPhone 11 sta",tech
"Tens of thousands of pounds of chicken nuggets are being recalled nationwide after a company received complaints of rubber found in the food, agriculture authorities said. Tyson Foods is voluntarily recalling all five-pound bags of ""White Meat Panko Chicken Nuggets"" that were produced on Nov. 26, 2018, according to the Department of Agriculture’s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS). The company said the product was shipped to distribution centers in Arizona, California, Illinois, New Jersey, and Utah, but FSIS says the products ended up in stores nationwide. ""A small number of consumers contacted the company to say they had found small pieces of soft, blue rubber in the nuggets, prompting the company to issue the recall,"" a Tyson Foods spokesperson said in a statement. ""Though the pieces have been found in a very small number of packages, no injuries have been reported with this recall."" ""However, out of an abundance of caution, the company is recalling 36,420 pounds of product,"" the spokesperson said. FSIS said it first became aware of the problem on Tuesday. Authorities are now urging people to double check if they've purchased the nuggets. ""FSIS is concerned that some product may be frozen and in consumers’ freezers,"" the USDA officials said. ""Consumers who have purchased these products are urged not to consume them. These products should be thrown away or returned to the place of purchase."" The affected products have a use-by date of Nov. 26, 2019, and a UPC of 0 23700 03558 5. Earlier this week, more than 16,000 pounds of Perdue chicken nuggets were recalled due to misbranding and allergens that went undeclared on the packaging. FSIS said Perdue's ""Fun Shapes Chicken Breast Nuggets"" contained milk, a known allergen, and this was not declared on the product label. Authorities said they hadn't received any reports of illness from the product, but urged anyone concerned about their health to seek medical attention. The affected products were made on Jan. 10 ",science
"Every time you open your wallet, the choices you make affect how quickly the world will warm. Corporations are trying to limit their greenhouse emissions, but some are doing better than others. To test your credentials as a green consumer, BuzzFeed News obtained data from the environmental accounting firm Trucost, part of S&P Global, for the three top-performing US companies in each of six categories, judged by their emissions in metric tons of carbon dioxide per million dollars in revenue. This allowed us to award them gold, silver, or bronze status, based on their performance in 2017 — the most recent year in the data.",reader
"One fan account, Xanarchy Tea, posted screenshots of the ultrasound scan shown in the YouTube video the couple shared, alongside the photos that appear when you Google ""week 9 ultrasound,"" claiming that the images ""line up perfectly"" when placed on top of each other. Speaking to E!, Annie said: ""When I posted my YouTube video with my ultrasound pictures, a girl — I'm not going to comment on who — photoshopped them with another persons name, year, birthday etc, and uploaded them to Google. I'm honestly really disappointed that we announced it and now this is the rumour floating around. I'm traveling and stressed at the moment so I think for the baby and myself it's best to stay in a positive environment. I really am just staying off the internet for the time being because it's really sad for me to see these things."" She wrote: ""These were taken the first day we met and the first few months we knew each other. Feels like a lifetime ago. The moment I met you I knew you were special. I fell head over heels in love with you and only love you more and more every single day. I didn't know it was possible to feel this way about another human. Starting a family with you has been the most magical, beautiful blessing God has ever given me."" She wrote: ""Today I feel a hurt I never knew existed. A pain that comes from my soul. To my beautiful angel, mommy loves you more than she ever knew possible. You have made me the happiest woman in the world knowing I had the chance to be your mommy."" Back in February, Lil Xan announced that he and girlfriend Annie Smith were going to become parents, just five months after his very public split from Noah Cyrus. He shared the news on Instagram, revealing that he'd ""never felt more happy"" in his life. However, just a couple of weeks later, the couple were accused of faking the pregnancy after they shared photos from the ultrasound. In fact, speculation became so intense that Annie ended up giving an interview in which she vehemently denied fa",health
"WASHINGTON — Acting White House Chief of Staff Mick Mulvaney acknowledged for the first time that President Donald Trump withheld aid from Ukraine until the country agreed to investigate Democrats, before walking back those comments hours later. Mulvaney told reporters during a contentious press conference Thursday that the aid was “absolutely no question” withheld in part because Trump wanted Ukraine to look into “corruption that related to the DNC server."" Mulvaney said that the military aid was withheld for three reasons: Trump’s worries about corruption in Ukraine, his feeling that other countries were not contributing enough money to aid Ukraine, and “whether or not they were cooperating in an ongoing investigation with our Department of Justice” into Democrats and the origin of the probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election. Trump has particularly zeroed in on an unfounded conspiracy theory that the Ukrainians have access to a missing Democratic National Committee server, as part of the false theory that Democrats faked the hack of their servers to blame Trump and defeat him in 2016. “That is it. And that is why we held up the money. … The look back to what happened in 2016 certainly was part of the thing that he was worried about in corruption with that nation. And that is absolutely appropriate,” Mulvaney said. Pressed by ABC News’ Jonathan Karl on the fact that what he was describing was quid pro quo — something the president and congressional Republicans have repeatedly said did not happen with respect to military aid — Mulvaney suggested the administration’s actions were common and normal. “We do that all the time with foreign policy,” he said, noting that the administration was also withholding aid to Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador at the same time “so that they would change their policies on immigration” — though not so those countries would help investigate the president’s political rivals. Mulvaney denied, however, that the aid was wit",politics
"Apple said Friday that a massive phone hacking scheme that affected Apple and Android phones targeted Uighurs, a persecuted Muslim ethnic minority group whose people have been imprisoned by the Chinese government. In a blog post, the iPhone-maker took issue with some of the findings released by Google researchers last week that publicized vulnerabilities in Apple’s iOS operating system, noting that Google’s disclosure came six months after Apple had patched them. Apple claimed that Google’s research created “the false impression” of a “mass exploitation” and that the attacks were only operational for two months, not two years, as first implied by Google. In the same post, Apple confirmed earlier reporting and research that the website-based attacks, in which users visited compromised websites and jeopardized the security of their iPhones and Android devices, focused on Uighurs, a minority Turkic group that includes more than 11 million people living in Xinjiang, a region in northwest China. “The attack affected fewer than a dozen websites that focus on content related to the Uighur community,” Apple said. “Regardless of the scale of the attack, we take the safety and security of all users extremely seriously.” Xinjiang is one of the most surveilled places in the world, and the Chinese government has been cracking down on the ethnic minorities who live there under the guise of public safety. Since 2017, more than a million people have been detained in internment camps in Xinjiang in a practice that’s been decried by the US government and the international community. A source close to the situation told BuzzFeed News that the hack emanated from China. An FBI official familiar with discussions around the exploit said that the agency had been aware of the issue for ""some time"" and has been ""closely monitoring"" the situation for updates. That person said other US intelligence agencies have also been monitoring the problem. The source said that there have been communicati",tech
"His first week on the job, Florida’s new Republican governor made a surprise announcement. In sharp contrast to the previous administration, Ron DeSantis signed an executive order with a host of new environmental policies, including spending more on Everglades restoration, appointing a chief science officer, moving to ban fracking and offshore drilling, and creating a resiliency office to prepare the coasts for rising seas. “This is action that was requested regardless of your party,” DeSantis said at a press conference in Sarasota announcing the news. “I think this is something that can unite all Floridians.” The bold policy, praised by several environmental groups, is part of a flurry of environmental commitments coming from governors this year, including in swing states like Florida and New Mexico. “This is a top priority of this administration,” New Mexico’s new governor, Michelle Lujan Grisham, told BuzzFeed News. “We should be known as the clean energy state. It brings high-paying, productive, green jobs.” Speaking with BuzzFeed News, she pledged to create a comprehensive plan to tackle the climate crisis, curb the state’s high methane emissions from oil and gas production, and make sure New Mexico schools teach climate science. Maine Gov. Janet Mills, another Democrat who replaced a Republican in November, has pledged to withdraw her state from a coalition of governors that supports offshore drilling. And just this Wednesday, Illinois’ new Democratic governor, J.B. Pritzker, signed an executive order adding his state to a group devoted to meeting the US goal of the Paris climate agreement, called the US Climate Alliance. “Every day there’s a new announcement,” Bill Holland, state policy director at the League of Conservation Voters (LCV), told BuzzFeed News. “We’re incredibly enthusiastic about the commitments governors are making all across the nation to really take on climate leadership.” At least nine governors, in the lead-up to the midterms, signed the L",science
"For years — years! — we’d gathered every clue. Kissgate. All those rainbows! Swapped lyrics featuring female pronouns. Lyrics that just seem really gay. The cats. The donations to LGBT causes. That performance with Hayley Kiyoko. Today, April 26, the day of Taylor Swift’s long-awaited announcement, is literally Lesbian Visibility Day. I can’t claim to be nearly as much of a #Gaylor diehard as the true champions who’ve dedicated themselves to combing every last social media post, every public appearance, every exchange — however brief or seemingly insignificant — for evidence of Taylor’s queerness (and/or evidence of a romantic relationship with her sometimes-BFF Karlie Kloss). But there’s always been a deep, deep part of me that suspected one of the century’s biggest pop stars, as maniacally loved as she is deeply loathed the world over, plays (at least some of the time) for the girl’s team. But particularly in the last few days, I’ve lost my head completely. I wouldn’t even call myself a Taylor fan, but I became a full-on #Gaylor truther, yelling at all of my colleagues that, surely, this famous lady was going to come out — as bi, as gay, as something. Jill Gutowitz’s investigations at Vulture had me hooked. The mural Taylor commissioned, revealed in Nashville yesterday, could not look more like the wings Karlie wore at the Victoria Secret show in 2013 — the year both she and Taylor walked in the show. Why would Taylor change some of the pronouns in her lyrics to “her” this week, of all weeks? Why??? I can’t help but suspect that Taylor, for her part, seemed to know that a dramatic countdown to a Big Midnight Announcement is exactly what her long-suffering queer fans have always wanted: a formalized hunt for The Truth. It’s almost as if she’s wanted to encourage the celesbian rumor mill. Taylor has been leaving clues for weeks as to what her announcement might entail, which means that, for Kaylor shippers, the past month has felt like Christmas. She even got a whol",reader
"You swell EVERYWHERE. And, yes, your nose can grow. And you forget EVERYTHING. It's called pregnancy brain. The veins in your legs can start to protrude. They are known as varicose veins. And the pigmentation in your skin can change. Yes, your vagina can turn blue – it's called Chadwick's sign. Your boobs can grow unevenly. Oh, and you can grow hair on or around your nipples due to increased hormones. It can be extremely hard to poop. This can lead to hemorrhoids, which are swollen veins in your rectum that can cause itching, burning, pain, or bleeding. And heartburn is very common. It happens when stomach acid passes into the esophagus causing a burning sensation. You puke a lot, especially first thing in the morning. Morning sickness affects more than 50% of pregnant women. And you are exhausted on a whole new level. You can thank your changing hormones for this one. Weird vaginal discharge can also happen. Your body changes, and so does your discharge. And you can't eat certain foods or alcohol. Also, the foods you do crave are pretty disgusting in hindsight. You sweat ALL THE TIME. Hot flashes are a common side effect of pregnancy. And you pee ALL THE TIME. Many factors cause frequent urination during pregnancy, included the baby pushing on your bladder. Pregnancy. For some, it's not all it's cracked up to be... ...but one thing everyone can all agree on is that it's totally worth it.",health
"During Tuesday night’s Democratic presidential debate, one candidate after another came out in support of Universal Basic Income. Leading off was Andrew Yang, the tech entrepreneur who’s built his campaign on the idea of giving a “freedom dividend” of $12,000 per year — guaranteed income, no strings attached — to every adult American. Then, while discussing automation, former Housing and Urban Development secretary Julián Castro said he’d support a trial of UBI too. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard agreed, calling a guaranteed income a “good idea.” When the evening was over, it was evident that Universal Basic Income — once a hobby horse among tech thinkers mapping out how to bolster workers left behind by technological change — is perhaps becoming something it hasn’t been since the Nixon administration: mainstream. But now that the current is picking up, UBI is swimming upstream in an unlikely place: Silicon Valley itself. “UBI is a worthwhile thing to consider, but I just don’t know if it will work,” one tech investor, who requested anonymity to speak freely, told BuzzFeed News. “I do worry about the ramifications, one of them is the slippery slope.” If people can vote themselves $12,000 per year, the argument goes, they’ll soon vote themselves $24,000, and then more, until the incentive to produce competitive companies falls away completely. In Silicon Valley, where capitalists hold incentives sacred, a growing number of people are concerned that a potential solution to the economic system’s problems may destroy the system itself. “You're creating a slippery slide transfer straight into socialism,” Naval Ravikant, a prominent tech investor, said of Yang’s UBI plan in a June podcast interview with Joe Rogan. “The moment people can start voting themselves money, combined with a democracy, it's just a matter of time before the bottom 51 votes themselves everything in the top 49.” “Maybe UBI recipients don't get to vote at all,” Patri Friedman, chair of the Seasteading Institute, ",politics
"In July, Tommaso Boggia, a climate activist turned programmer, swiped to the Google Discover tab on his phone to scan the headlines the company had algorithmically selected for him. He was shocked to find a climate change denial website prominently featured in his feed. The next day, it happened again. Boggia didn’t click on the link — which led to a blog post titled “Bipartisan Panel of Scientists Confirms Humans are NOT Responsible for Past 20,000 Years of Global Warming” — but he did screenshot it, peeved that Google’s algorithms were promoting content that disputes our current climate crisis. Discover promises to “surface relevant content to you,” so why was it showing him articles disputing the overwhelming scientific consensus on human-caused global warming? Boggia was not alone. BuzzFeed News spoke to eight people who said they received climate change denial articles on Discover, a feed of content tailored to individual users that appears as a dedicated tab on Google phones, on the Google search app, and on the Google mobile homepage. All these individuals — who were either interested in climate change or held environmental jobs — questioned why Google was uncovering and promoting content from such sources, which ranged from an anti–climate change lobbyist’s website to a personal blog espousing the “global warming hypocrisy.” In recent months, Google has faced mounting criticism from the public and lawmakers for its role in spreading misinformation, including flat Earth conspiracies and anti-vaccination videos, and for the lack of transparency around the algorithms that prioritize that content. And while the company has taken steps to combat conspiracies and bogus science on its properties, including YouTube, its active pushing of climate change denialism on Discover concerns climate researchers, who believe the search and advertising giant has a duty to prevent the spread of false information. “Google is aiding and abetting the promulgation of climate scienc",tech
"Desiree Haight, who lives in Calgary, Canada, has been smoking pot for a good chunk of her 46 years. She doesn't use marijuana every day, but if she's home, she might go through a few grams. Medically, you could call her a chronic user. It was enough of a part of her life that when she developed crippling nausea and relentless vomiting, she had no reason to think pot was the problem. The first time it got really bad was in 2005, Haight told BuzzFeed News. The nausea was overwhelming. ""It just grips you like fog — there’s no way out of it,"" she said. ""You retch probably 30, 40 times a day minimum."" The vomiting was very particular, accompanied with a deep, guttural sound. ""It's kind of like a scream and a vomit together. It doesn’t really stop."" She ended up hospitalized for three months and lost so much weight she was down to just 96 pounds. ""They basically said I was crazy at the end of it. They said I was stuck in a fight-or-flight loop,"" she said. Stranger still was that only hot showers brought relief of her symptoms. She said she'd find herself crawling to the shower, barely able to function. ""The only thing that makes you feel better is hot water,"" she said. ""As soon as that hot water hits you, it’s over, you could run a marathon."" Last November, Haight found herself in the hospital once again with her mysterious illness. ""The first thing is the doctor asked [was] do hot showers bring me relief,"" she said. He also asked if she smoked cannabis. And the doctor knew right away what he was dealing with. Dr. Joseph Habboushe, a clinical associate professor of emergency medicine at NYU Langone Health in New York, happens to study this condition. (Although he didn't treat Haight.) He told BuzzFeed News that the pot-related condition has symptoms that include recurring bouts of terrible nausea, vomiting, and cramps. The name, cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome, essentially means cannabis vomiting syndrome. Doctors are usually able to diagnosis it by the patient's histor",science
"I don’t know what’s in the flower-infused water all the famous people are drinking these days, but they’re all seemingly having the same meltdown at the same time about media criticism of them and their work (or of their friends). At the end of last week, Saturday Night Live comedian Michael Che went on an Instagram tear about an Uproxx writer who wrote a piece about Che’s colleague Colin Jost, suggesting that the critic, Steve Hyden, was giving out blow jobs to dogs. (Che, surprising no one, has already begun lashing out at critics writing about his response to that criticism.) On Monday the musician Lizzo, whose new album is by any measure getting rave reviews, got bent out of shape about one Pitchfork review by Rawiya Kameir that perhaps wasn’t as glowing as the artist had hoped. Lizzo complained on Twitter, saying “PEOPLE WHO ‘REVIEW’ ALBUMS AND DONT MAKE MUSIC THEMSELVES SHOULD BE UNEMPLOYED.” (She later walked back the comment.) On Wednesday, Ariana Grande and Justin Bieber got mad that Morgan Stewart — an E! host best known for her starring role on Rich Kids of Beverly Hills and absolutely nothing else — made fun of their Coachella performance. “One day everybody that works at all them blogs will realize how unfulfilled they are and purposeless what they’re doing is,” Grande wrote in a tweet that she later deleted. And the latest float in the outrage parade (no one wants a good seat to watch it, but here you are anyway) is steered by Olivia Munn, who posted a mini essay on Twitter Wednesday night comparing blog posts about her fashion choices written by Heather Cocks and Jessica Morgan — the writers who run a celebrity fashion criticism blog called Go Fug Yourself — with the abuses of #MeToo. “If there’s anything we’ve been able to glean from the past two years, it’s that girls and women have been emotionally and physically targeted and abused for years yet have remained silent because collectively we all believe that our voices, our pain, our existence only ",reader
"She wrote: ""I’d never experienced fear like that — a sense of doom closing in. I could see my life ahead, and it wasn’t worth living. I am an actor; I need to remember my lines. Now I couldn’t recall my name. In my worst moments, I wanted to pull the plug. I asked the medical staff to let me die. My job—my entire dream of what my life would be—centered on language, on communication. Without that, I was lost.” She wrote: ""I told my bosses at Thrones about my condition, but I didn’t want it to be a subject of public discussion and dissection. The show must go on! Season two would be my worst. I didn’t know what Daenerys was doing. If I am truly being honest, every minute of every day I thought I was going to die."" Speaking to ET, Jason explained: ""I'm very sad because we almost lost her the first time. I love her to bits, and she's here and she's going to do great things with it and teach the world."" He said: ""I've kind of been a part of that whole situation for a very long time, so we've had so many scares and trying to find the right way to come out and help. I just think it's beautiful. She's so brave in helping the world and trying to raise awareness."" Last month, Game of Thrones star Emilia Clarke revealed she'd experienced several life-threatening brain aneurysms that started after the first season of the show wrapped. Emilia managed to keep her health issues out of the public eye for years, but in an essay for the New Yorker she revealed that she'd been rushed into urgent surgery in 2011 after being diagnosed with a subarachnoid haemorrhage — a stroke that one-third of patients can die from. Emilia went on to say that during the shooting of series two of GoT, she felt she was about to die ""every minute of every day."" Well, Emilia's Game of Thrones co-star Jason Momoa, who played her husband on the show, has opened up about how severe the aneurysms were, revealing that they ""almost lost her"" the first time. And Jason went on to say that he's known about her illn",health
"President Donald Trump’s reelection campaign has capitalized on the investigations into the president’s conduct, new campaign finance reports show. Seven of the reelection campaign committee’s 10 days with the most unique donors this year came at the end of September, on the days immediately following House Speaker Nancy Pelosi announcing a formal impeachment inquiry into the president. One of the other top days came in April, when news broke that former special counsel Robert Mueller objected to Attorney General Bill Barr’s characterization of his report on Russian interference in the 2016 election, according to FEC data. In the hours after Pelosi’s Sept. 24 press conference, the Trump campaign had emailed supporters and posted ads on Facebook asking for donations to the “Impeachment Defense Task Force.” The emails reviewed by BuzzFeed News sent supporters to a fundraising page for a joint fundraising committee between the Republican National Committee and the Trump campaign while Facebook ads BuzzFeed News reviewed prompted supporters to directly support the Trump campaign. “As a member of the Official Impeachment Defense Task Force, you will be a leader in defending me, the President, against these baseless and disgusting attacks,” one of the ads reads. “You will be responsible for defending American Greatness.” In other Facebook ads, the campaign revived Trump’s “total witch hunt” slogan to characterize the impeachment inquiry. “Don't let Democrats and the Fake News Media silence YOU!” the ad reads, encouraging supporters to donate to the “impeachment defense fund.” “The Democrats know they have no chance of winning in 2020, so now they are crying, ‘Impeachment!’,” one fundraising email from Trump’s campaign said on the day Pelosi announced the inquiry. “The Democrats thrive on silencing and intimidating his supporters, like YOU, Friend. They want to take YOUR VOTE away.” The email told supporters that the campaign was launching an “Official Impeachment Defense ",politics
"Facebook on Thursday announced the US debut of its dating service, which had previously only been available in Colombia. Facebook Dating is now available to users who are 18 and older, and it will not match you with your preexisting Facebook friends. Facebook Dating requires opting in to the service, and it isn’t really part of your Facebook profile. You must create a separate Dating profile which is then linked to your Facebook and Instagram profiles. You fill out the profile, as you would on services like OkCupid or Bumble, and it will start matching you with people who have similar interests. It will allow you to link your Instagram profile, which would allow you to pull in Instagram photos. It will eventually allow users to pull stories from Facebook and Instagram as well. Facebook Dating also integrates with Groups and Events that you are part of. Product manager Nathan Sharp at a launch event Thursday described Facebook Events as “missed connections.” The dating app will also allow you to share your live location. Obviously, there are a bevy of security concerns with something like this. According to Facebook’s release announcement, you can delete your dating profile at any time, and it will allow you to toggle what details it displays, including hometown, religion, occupation, and gender. “We’re committed to protecting people’s privacy within Facebook Dating so that we can create a place where people feel comfortable looking for a date and starting meaningful relationships,” Erin Egan, VP and chief privacy officer said in a blog post Thursday. While Facebook Dating won’t match you with your Facebook friends — which means you won’t accidentally see your uncle on there — it does have a feature called Secret Crush that will let you flirt with people you already know. Secret Crush lets you choose up to nine friends to label as a crush. If one of those nine friends adds you as well, it notifies you. Facebook Dating lives entirely on the Facebook mobile app. It als",tech
"A saber split his face as he retreated with Napoleon from Moscow in 1812. He was buried in a mass grave, one of hundreds of thousands lost from France’s vanquished Grande Armée. But not before military surgeons tried to save him, report archaeologists who now, two centuries later, have reconstructed the long-dead French cavalryman’s face. “It is that of a young man who suffered a lot, died far from his family and never returned home,” paleoanthropologist Dany Coutinho Nogueira of PSL University in Paris told BuzzFeed News by email. Napoleon started out with an army of more than a half a million men and only 20,000 returned to France. “It is a sad story, but unfortunately it is also the story of hundreds of thousands of young soldiers of the Grande Armée and of other European armies.” The reconstruction of the skull and jaw of the soldier is emblematic of recent advances in “forensic archaeology.” Investigations like this case, reported by Nogueira and colleagues in the International Journal of Osteoarchaeology, not only answer historical questions, but also document atrocities. In 2006, a French-Russian archaeology team discovered the man with a cleaved jaw in a mass grave in Kaliningrad, a Russian province that sits between Poland and Lithuania. It was once Königsberg, the capital of East Prussia, an ally of Napoleon during his invasion. He was buried in one of a dozen mass graves found there, collectively containing the bones of more than 600 French soldiers from the War of 1812, identified by shreds of their uniforms, pins, and insignia. Among the bones was the skull of one soldier, his jaw horribly split, raising questions about how he died. “The Russians have a very positive opinion of this 1812 conflict because at the end, they won this war,” Nogueira said. “They were therefore very happy to work in collaboration with our French team.” From his skeleton, it was clear to the scientists that the soldier was male and most likely between the ages of 24 and 27 when",science
"This week, BuzzFeed News is highlighting the current reality of climate change and how it is changing our world. How much do you know about what’s going on? ",reader
"—ktellenbarden —flute185 —t4fd500 —daniem —nilom —pattiecolvin23 —spookyfish —brennat485 —amyj49c450485 —beautifulamari —danielled34 —jessicae4b —Breton Stailey, Facebook —christinae4886 —fritzfamily2000 —annelised2 —elizhann —robotchicken6001 —tori1234455 —briannaj4 —brooker46 —rebeccab We asked the BuzzFeed Community to tell us the most ridiculous assumptions they've heard people make about the female body. Here are the wild results. ""I had a boyfriend who thought that, after giving birth, the vagina stayed that stretched out forever. Like, it would literally be baby-sized for the rest of your life."" ""In middle school sex ed, we were taught that we had 10 holes in our vaginas, and each one of them had a different purpose."" ""I was told by someone in high school that when nuns take their vows in the Catholic church, their menstrual cycles immediately stop for life because they won't be having children."" ""One of my male friends said 'the G-spot is in the brain.' I immediately started laughing and thought to myself, Your poor, poor girlfriend."" ""My boyfriend thought periods were an endless stream of blood and that’s why tampons were invented...to plug it up until the stream stopped."" ""I was on my period and had a tampon in, and my boyfriend heard me peeing. He asked: 'How can you be peeing if you have a tampon in?!' I basically fell off the toilet, laughing, having to explain to my 25-year old boyfriend that we don’t just have one hole."" ""I had swallowed, and the guy was shocked. I was feeling pretty proud of myself until he asked, 'Why would you do that?! What if you get pregnant?!'"" ""A guy told me he believed women were born without gag reflexes."" ""My ex thought tampons helped ease period pain. I’m open about my pains, and one day I said something about it. He asked, 'Does that mean it’s time for a new tampon, to make you feel better?' No. No it doesn’t."" ""One of my male coworkers believed that lesbian women don't menstruate because they couldn’t get each other preg",health
"This is an excerpt from The Stakes 2020, BuzzFeed News' newsletter about what really matters in the 2020 campaign. You can sign up here. This week I texted with Howard Dean, who was, back in the fall and winter of 2003–4, the next president of the United States. He was the progressive governor of Vermont, a doctor who had signed a universal health care law, and a strident voice against the Iraq War. I asked him about how it felt then, and what he sees when he looks at the candidates — and in particular, progressive, Northeastern Elizabeth Warren — now. ",politics
"Last week, I received a friendly yet professional email from a publicity firm called Locust Street saying it was contracted by e-cigarette startup (and perfect companion to a black cherry White Claw) Juul. This would be normal — I get a lot of pitches from PR agents because I’m a reporter — but it wasn’t sent to me as a reporter. It was sent to me because, uh, I’m a customer of the juul.com website. (You can’t buy mango pods in physical stores anymore. Don’t judge me.) Locust Street’s email read: My name is [redacted] and I am an Outreach Specialist with Locust Street Community Solutions. I’m reaching out to you on behalf of Juul Labs, who has contracted with Locust Street to support its services and collect success stories from New Yorkers who have made the switch to Juul from combustible cigarettes. We received your information as a Juul user from Juul Labs and we are only using this contact information to support our services on behalf of the company and to discuss your “switch story.” I attempted to reach you by phone, but I’m emailing in case this is an easier way to get in touch. I hope that we can talk to discuss your experience with Juul products. Please feel free to give me a call back at [redacted] or reply to this email if you’d like to share your story! Juul is indeed sharing customer information — names, email addresses, and phone numbers — with a PR firm that specializes in grassroots political messaging for business clients, Locust Street Group, a publicity firm based in Washington, DC. A representative for Juul confirmed that the company hired Locust Street for a public affairs campaign in New York, where the state government is currently mulling a ban on flavored e-cigarettes. It’s rare, but not unheard of, for a company to reach out to customers to find personal testimonials for advertising campaigns. I’ve never had someone call me up and ask me to participate in an advertisement based on an order I placed online, but certainly this thing happens. ",tech
"In a commercial going viral this week, the airline Aeromexico unveiled a clever business strategy that also pokes fun at fears about the border: The airline is supposedly giving Americans discounted airfare to Mexico based on how much “Mexican DNA” they have. There’s just one problem. “It’s an impossibility to really identify anyone’s DNA to be ‘Mexican,’” genetic genealogist Blaine Bettinger of Baldwinsville, New York told BuzzFeed News. It’s unclear if the ad is a satire; the airline did not return a request for comment. But even if it is, Bettinger said, the premise is an extreme oversimplification of what DNA tests can reveal about your heritage. In the two-minute ad, Aeromexico representatives ask Texas residents why, despite their penchant for tequila and burritos, they don’t want to visit Mexico. As one man puts it, “Let me stay here in peace and let those folks stay on their side of the border.” But the ad notes that Mexicans have been migrating to the US since the 1800s, so, the voiceover says, “We did a DNA test to prove it and turn those results into discounts: The more Mexican they are, the more discount they get.” The airline claims it gave out discounts through its travel agencies in the southwest, from Texas to Nevada, and 54% of the tests in these states had “Mexican DNA.” Comedy ensues. One man, upon being told he’s “22% Mexican” and eligible for a 22% discount to fly to Mexico, responds, “That’s bullshit! That’s bullshit!” A lot of people loved the ad, declaring it should win a “Troll of the Month award.” News outlets like Time, USA Today, HuffPost, and Business Insider seemed to take the testing premise seriously, calling it “brilliant” and “hilarious.” But genetic genealogy testing is a lot more complicated than that. DNA-based ancestry companies do a good job of distinguishing between different continents, like Asia, the Americas, Europe, and Africa, according to Bettinger. But beyond that, it’s difficult to drill down to specific countries or r",science
"Naomi Klein's provocative book unveils the myths surrounding the climate change debate and explores how the ""free market"" is holding us back from important changes. Promising review: ""Naomi Klein’s This Changes Everything is absolutely essential for understanding, confronting, and meeting the challenges of the 21st century. [...] I am very inspired by this book and I cannot wait for others to read it and react to it."" —Chris Get it from Amazon for $14.32, Barnes & Noble for $18.99, or find it at Indiebound or your local library. Merchants of Doubt follows a group of high-level scientists and advisers who have purposefully misled the public, denying evidence of climate change in an effort to placate corporate and political interests. Promising review: ""Exceptional. Put this book at the very top of your reading list. The authors provide a clear, stunning, and engaging history of how a handful of scientists were able to keep doubt alive during every occasion in which scientific evidence threatened to cut into a corporation's profit or a politician's proposed policy."" —Charlene Get it from Amazon for $11.39+, Barnes & Noble for $19+, or find it at Indiebound or your local library. Earl Swift provides a thorough, intimate look at the small, tight-knit community of Tangier Island, Virginia — and how that community is responding to its destruction by the effects of climate change.  Promising review: ""A well-told story about the watermen of the Chesapeake Bay and the blue crabs and oysters that sustain them. Swift does a remarkable job of explaining the character of the families and their community on this remote island. He paints a vivid portrait of the perils they face from their work — and from climate change, although, despite acknowledging the incessant shrinking of their island, they do not accept the notion of sea level rise. Recommended for anyone with an interest in the Bay and the historic watermen who live there."" —Paul Goldberg Get it from Amazon for $15.93, Bar",reader
"Happy April Fools' Day, when things like serving ""brown E's"" are funny... ...and things like tricking people into thinking you brought donuts are comical. But, you know what's not funny? Fake pregnancy jokes. Because 6 million women — in the United States alone — struggle with infertility. SIX MILLION. So, it is very likely someone you know has struggled or is struggling to get pregnant. They might be open about it or struggling quietly with it. So, listen to ""Cute-rus."" She knows best.",health
"WASHINGTON — Senate Republicans say they have no choice but to hold a trial if the House impeaches President Donald Trump. There had been some speculation that Senate Republicans might use their majority to quickly dismiss the case and do away with impeachment, rather than put Trump through a high-profile, multiweek trial. But they dispelled that notion Wednesday, and the Senate will perform its constitutional duty. “The power of the Senate to try impeachment articles is exclusive to the Senate. So if we don’t, nobody does,” said Republican Sen. Kevin Cramer. During a closed-door lunchtime meeting Wednesday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (with some assistance from Clinton impeachment veteran Sen. Lindsey Graham) laid out an Impeachment Trials 101 lesson on how such trials play out. McConnell told his conference that if the House votes to impeach, the Senate trial would begin every day at around 12:30 p.m. and run six days per week with only Sundays off. All senators must be present and, in a break from norms and nature, they must remain silent. McConnell said after the meeting this “should be good therapy for a number of them.” House lawyers would serve the role of prosecutors, while White House lawyers would be defense counsel. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts would act as judge. Senators would serve as the jury. The impeachment trial of Bill Clinton took five weeks. If Democrats in the House hit their informal target of wrapping up impeachment by Thanksgiving, that could mean the entire period between Thanksgiving and Christmas would be taken up by the Senate trial. One key detail is that all of this is subject to change if the Senate votes unanimously to reform the rules. Several Republicans said they would not support using a procedural motion to dismiss to avoid an impeachment trial. But this does not rule out using one at some point to end the trial midway. A motion to dismiss can be brought forward by either the House or White House lawyers a",politics
"Fourteen women who said they were raped or sexually assaulted by Lyft drivers have filed a lawsuit against the ride-hail company, arguing that the app enables drivers to assault passengers. The lawsuit cites 14 attacks against Lyft passengers between 2018 and 2019. In one attack in Alabama, a blind woman’s cane was stolen by her Lyft driver, who then allegedly raped her. In six of the incidents, the women had fallen asleep in the car and awoke to the Lyft driver sexually assaulting them, the lawsuit states. In another instance, the Lyft driver pretended to help a stumbling passenger who’d been drinking walk to their door, before allegedly raping them inside their home. “Lyft knew from the outset that sexual assault was going to be a problem, especially because they have vulnerable passengers who have been drinking,” said the lead plaintiff’s attorney Stephen Estey. In a statement, Lyft’s head of trust and safety said what the women describe in the lawsuit “is terrifying and has no place in the Lyft community.” “One in six women will face some form of sexual violence in their lives — behavior that’s unacceptable for our society and on our platform,” she added. “As a platform committed to providing safe transportation, we hold ourselves to a higher standard by designing products and policies to keep out bad actors, make riders and drivers feel safe, and react quickly if and when an incident does occur. Our commitment is stronger than ever, as we dedicate more resources in our continued effort to ensure our riders and drivers have the safest possible experience.” One of the plaintiffs, Gladys Arce, said at a news conference in Los Angeles on Wednesday that she requested a Lyft pick her up from a Halloween party, but the driver locked the doors, said “I love you” to her, terminated the ride in the app, and continued to drive her around, kidnapping her. Arce said the driver was smoking crack in the car as he told her about other assaults he’d committed. He then allegedly",tech
"It's only the third week of 2019, and the stomach-turning food recalls are already in full swing. While 2018 was, without a doubt, ~the year~ for gross food recalls — romaine, beef, eggs, and many more foods were tainted with diarrhea-causing germs — it seems like 2019 is on track to be a strong contender. Perdue Foods is recalling approximately 68,244 ponds of gluten-free chicken nuggets that ""may be contaminated with extraneous materials, specifically wood,"" the USDA Food Safety and Inspection Service announced Thursday. The recall comes on the heels of three complaints made to the FSIS by consumers who found bits of wood in the gluten-free nuggets. I'm not entirely sure what's inside most chicken nuggets, but I do know that wood is definitely not supposed to be in there, even if it is gluten free and organic. The product in question is Perdue SimplySmart Organics Breaded Chicken Nuggets, Gluten Free, which you'd find in the frozen food aisle. The ready-to-eat nuggets come in 22-ounce bags, and the recalled ones would have a best-by date of ""10/25/19"" and the UPC Bar Code “72745-80656” on the label, as well as the establishment number “P-33944” inside the USDA mark of inspection, according to FSIS. The USDA is concerned about people who may have bags of the nuggets in their freezers, and is asking all consumers who have the product to toss it or return it to the place of purchase.  There haven't been any reports of adverse reactions from people who ate the chicken nuggets containing wood, but the FSIS is urging anyone who is concerned about illness or injury to contact a health care provider.  Fortunately, there are plenty of other wood-free chicken nuggets to choose from at the grocery store or fast food drive-thru if you need your fix. So nugget-lovers can rejoice — one recall doesn't have to ruin your favorite childhood food, even if it is kind of gross and mysterious how nuggets are made. We'll leave you with this video of chef Jamie Oliver trying, and failing",science
"God help us, but it looks like religion isn’t the answer to climate change. Nearly four years ago, Pope Francis released a groundbreaking letter, Laudato Si, On the Care of Our Common Home, calling on the world — and its 1.2 billion Catholics — to curb manmade global warming. “We are presently witnessing a disturbing warming of the climatic system,” said the 2015 letter, known as an encyclical. “Humanity is called to recognize the need for changes of lifestyle, production and consumption, in order to combat this warming or at least the human causes.” The Pope got to hang out with Leonardo DiCaprio, an environmentalist, and the United States Congress, where he enjoyed mixed applause as he also called for the end the death penalty, more kindness to immigrants, and better relations with Cuba. “Deniers haven’t got a prayer,” said environmental groups at the time, hoping the encyclical, along with similar statements from many religious communities, would steer the devout toward supporting environmental action on moral grounds. In hindsight, we can say that didn’t work out too well. Despite the relentless climb of global carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere from burning fossil fuels, worse wildfires, higher-powered hurricanes, widespread floods, and higher global temperatures since 2015, a mass religious movement fighting to cut emissions hasn’t manifested. “A lot of good-hearted people put a lot of effort into this, but there is no sign of religious people saving us from climate change,” sociologist Bernard Zaleha of the University of California, Santa Cruz, told BuzzFeed News. “I say this as someone who used to think, Wow, if this takes off, it could really make a difference.” Even in 2015, early opinion polls on the encyclical had mixed results. One, released five months after the Pope’s pronouncement, showed a “Francis Effect” of increased public concern about climate change. But by October 2016, an Annenberg Public Policy Center poll found no evidence of increased",reader
,health
"WASHINGTON — During President Donald Trump’s July call with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky — the one where the president asked for help finding damaging information on the Mueller probe and Joe Biden — Trump urged Zelensky to talk to two people: Rudy Giuliani and Attorney General Bill Barr. So far, House Democrats’ impeachment investigation has focused heavily on the activities of the former, and not on the latter. That Trump told Zelensky to talk to Barr and Giuliani made sense, even though one is the nation’s top law enforcement official and the other is not. Both men have been gathering information about the US counterintelligence probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election that morphed into special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation — a probe Trump and his supporters have long tried to discredit — and sought help from foreign officials to do so. Trump on Wednesday repeated his support for an investigation into the origins of the Russia probe, and told a reporter to ask Barr for details on the status of that. “I don't know the details. I just know that our country is looking into the corruption of the 2016 election,” Trump said during a press conference with the Italian president. Asked about reports that Barr met with Italian officials about that investigation, Trump replied: “I don't know anything about the meeting but certainly it would be appropriate ... so you'll really have to ask Attorney General Barr, OK?"" While Giuliani’s travels to Ukraine and meetings with Ukrainian officials are well-documented by now, Barr has denied similar contacts. Despite Trump’s repeated invocations of the attorney general’s name, Barr has flown largely under the radar. The congressional committees probing whether Trump committed impeachable offenses have issued subpoenas to Giuliani and his associates; they’ve yet to issue any subpoenas or requests for voluntary cooperation to Barr or the Justice Department, at least not that they’ve publicly announced. A s",politics
"Yisroel has missed a lot — blogging, Napster, Wikipedia, Facebook, Twitter. Like many other Orthodox Jewish men, most of his education was spent studying the Torah and Talmudic law. “I never went to business school or college — I barely finished high school,” the 46-year-old told BuzzFeed News. “I didn’t know how to turn on a computer until I was 35.” Which makes him an unlikely founder of a multi-million dollar Amazon business. Yisroel — who asked to be identified by his Hebrew name for reasons of privacy — is a deeply observant Orthodox Jew, one of the many who have turned to third-party sales on Amazon. The company’s third-party sellers make up 58% of all sales on the site. But there’s an estimate passed around third-party Amazon consultants that claims 7% of all Amazon third-party sales originate from a single zip code in Brooklyn, and that Orthodox Jewish–owned businesses make up 15% of marketplace sellers. Amazon declined to comment on both numbers. But sources told BuzzFeed News the company is well aware of this particular community, and Amazon seemed to nod to that in a statement to BuzzFeed News. “Brooklyn is home to many impressive independent retailers selling on Amazon,” it said. Outside Yisroel’s sparsely furnished office, the warehouse hums with activity. Several Latinx workers, and one Orthodox worker, stand over tables opening and repacking rolls of Scotch packing tape. Wrought iron pallet shelves burst with school supplies ready to be packed and shipped. A man in a yarmulke and tzitzit — tassels on a four-cornered undergarment worn by many observant Jews that peek out from the sides of their pants — hunches over a computer inside an open cubicle office with an Amazon listing beaming across the screen. A Bluetooth speaker fills the 10,000-square-foot space with cumbia sonideras. Meanwhile, two men in trousers and yarmulkes with iPhones in their hands rush around, occasionally disappearing behind rows of Magic Bullet blenders, mason jars, glass buffet",tech
"The National Football League’s $350 million Play 60 health and exercise program for school kids is actually a trojan horse for NFL marketing, critics say, at a time when kids’ football participation is declining due to concerns about brain damage. Now in its 10th year, Play 60 encourages kids to exercise for 60 minutes every day, offering a curriculum of football-themed drills and nutrition tips as well as $4,000 grants to buy gym equipment. The league has partnered with the American Heart Association, Special Olympics, United Way, and other public health advocates on the program, which has reached 73,000 schools, according to the league, more than half of all public and private schools nationwide. The program aims to curb the epidemic of US childhood obesity, with 1 in 5 children now obese, triple the rate of the 1970s, according to the CDC. But in a new analysis in the Journal of Sport and Social Issues, communications scholar Adam Rugg of Fairfield University in Connecticut suggests the program, conducted in partnership with the US Department of Agriculture, is just a way for the NFL to sell football to young kids, despite recent revelations of the sport’s link to brain injuries. “I think a central question in all of this is: How large a role should the NFL play in public health campaigns when medical research increasingly points to football itself as a public health detriment?” Rugg told BuzzFeed News. He called Play 60 “a way for the NFL to pitch itself to students, and [it] does so without much scrutiny or oversight.” In response, NFL spokesperson Brian McCarthy said that Play 60 was created in response to calls from leading nonprofits and government agencies. The initiative has provided millions of children with new fields and playgrounds, he said, as well as educational tools to promote healthy eating habits. “We are proud of the work accomplished through the PLAY 60 initiative and look forward to continuing this important work with our partners.” The AHA al",science
"The last time I almost fainted came at the most embarrassing moment possible. I had just started dating my now-wife Maris. I didn’t know her well, but I did know that she worked in the publishing industry. So, as a fourth or fifth date, I invited her to see Gone Girl because it was a movie based on a book, which is a lot like a book. That was the only fact I knew about Gone Girl when we walked in. It turns out that in the movie Gone Girl, Rosamund Pike plays Gone Girl, who marries Ben Affleck before deciding she hates him, faking her own death, and framing him for it. Which, honestly, I get. This is a bad movie to see on a man-woman date because men are afraid of being framed for murder, and women are relieved to watch a movie where — surprise! — the lady’s romantic partner doesn’t actually kill her. The emotional experience of watching this movie, therefore, varies wildly depending on the viewer’s gender. But this is not a story about the plot of Gone Girl. It’s a story about fainting, which requires just a little bit more explanation of the plot of Gone Girl. In a scene near the end of the movie, Gone Girl frames Neil Patrick Harris, her wealthy nontownie ex-boyfriend, for assaulting her (For the second time! Fool me once, Gone Girl...). Gone Girl, it turns out, is very good at framing people for things. But this time, instead of leaving Neil Patrick Harris to face the consequences of the justice system like she did with Ben Affleck, she murders him while they are having sex. And what a murder! She stabs him in the throat (one of the worst places to be stabbed, in my opinion) and leaves him to gurgle to death. Either the sound designer of Gone Girl was incredible, or Neil Patrick Harris is even more talented than we thought, because his gurgling sounds exactly like someone drinking a smoothie made of ground beef through a straw. It turns out he’s actually a quadruple threat! Acting! Singing! Dancing! Gurgling! The scene is very gross, grosser than anything else in",reader
"Eighty-one women are suing Sharp Grossmont Hospital in San Diego, California, after learning that they were secretly recorded by hidden cameras installed in the hospital's gynecology operating rooms, according to a complaint filed in California Supreme Court last week. From July 17, 2012, to June 30, 2013, roughly 1,800 women were recorded in the three operating rooms at the hospital's women's center, the complaint stated. The motion-sensing cameras recorded video of births, emergency C-sections, miscarriages, hysterectomies, sterilizations, and a variety of other procedures. The videos depicted the women's faces as they entered the hospital rooms for their operations, some were recorded undressing, and some were unconscious during the course of their procedures. None of the women were told they were being recorded. ""It’s such a shocking breach of patient privacy,"" Allison Goddard, the attorney representing the women in the case, told BuzzFeed News. ""I’ve talked to hundreds of women who were affected by it. The response is nearly universal: They just can’t believe it happened."" The laptop cameras were installed on anesthesia carts in the operating rooms to address a drug theft issue at the hospital, Sharp Grossmont spokesperson John Cihomsky told BuzzFeed News. ""The purpose of the three cameras was to ensure patient safety by determining the cause of drugs missing from the carts,"" Cihomsky said. Due to the pending litigation, Cihomsky declined to comment further on the case. A class-action lawsuit against the hospital was originally filed in 2016. The court denied its class certification, as well as the hospital's motion for a summary judgment, so 81 plaintiffs refiled last week. Goddard said they were expecting more women to join the lawsuit. In addition to the breach of privacy involved in filming the women without their consent, the complaint also alleges that the hospital was ""grossly negligent"" in storing and protecting the recordings. The videos were stored on",health
"WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump’s decision to pull US troops out of Syria has pissed off congressional Republicans right when he needs them most. The decision to remove US troops has had a devastating and swift domino effect in the region, giving Turkey the opportunity to invade an area controlled by Kurdish forces, who had been allied with the US against ISIS. The move has infuriated Republicans, whose support Trump desperately needs while the House’s impeachment inquiry roars on. On Wednesday, a significant majority of House Republicans — 129 members of the 197-member caucus — including every member of the party’s leadership joined with Democrats to vote for a resolution condemning the president’s recent move to pull US troops out of Syria. “The Kurds found out on Twitter, for goodness' sakes. We have left them to the wolves,” Rep. Adam Kinzinger, a high-profile Republican critic of the president, said on Face the Nation Sunday. “The message this is sending to our allies around the world I think is really going to be bad.” Sen. Lindsey Graham, usually one of Trump’s most reliable defenders, spent Wednesday in a war of words with the president. In the morning, Trump said the fighting in Syria “has nothing to do with us” and repeated throughout the day that America’s Kurdish allies are “no angels.” Graham called the comments “just outrageously dangerous.” Trump responded with a rant about how Graham wants troops to stay in the Middle East “for the next thousand years” and implied a potential threat to Graham’s reelection next year if he continues fighting the president on the issue. Trump said Graham should focus on judicial issues — including investigating former president Barack Obama, former FBI director James Comey, and several other of Trump’s frequent punching bags — because his constituents in South Carolina want American troops brought home. When reporters read these comments to Graham, he insisted that Trump’s moves will be a disaster. “The president’s ",politics
"For 29 days, the residents of Kashmir, the conflict-ridden state in northern India, have been living in a black hole. On midnight, Aug. 4, India's Hindu nationalist government abruptly wiped out the legal autonomy that the disputed region has enjoyed for decades, and shut down the region’s internet. It isn't the first time that internet services have been shut down in Kashmir. According to the Software Freedom and Law Centre, a New Delhi–based digital advocacy organization, this was the 55th internet shutdown in Kashmir in 2019 alone. But Kashmiris who spoke to BuzzFeed News said that the scale of this particular blackout was unprecedented — in addition to mobile internet services, landline and broadband services are frozen, and most local television channels have been turned off. Four weeks into the blackout, life in Kashmir has come to a standstill, with pharmacies running out of essential medicines, newspapers unable to function, and strict curfews making it impossible to move around after dark. And the situation doesn’t seem to be improving: On Friday, India imposed fresh restrictions on Kashmir, telling people to stay off the streets. To better understand what is happening to ordinary people, BuzzFeed News spoke to five Kashmiris who have been in and out of the region: a college student desperately trying to reach her parents, a restaurateur who turned his Instagram into a communications hub, a man desperately trying to ship medicine to his father-in-law, a startup founder cut off from the marketplace, and a college student trapped indoors. Here are their stories. I moved to New Delhi from Kashmir a month ago for an undergrad degree in political science. When the internet and telephone blackout happened, my mental health plummeted. I kept dialing phone numbers constantly, but I couldn't contact Mom and Dad in Kashmir. I don’t know if they are OK. The last time I spoke to my parents was five minutes before they shut down the phones and the internet in Kashmir on",tech
"So here's a thing you should never, ever do. In a case report published in the Irish Medical Journal, researchers described a man who was injecting himself with his own semen in a bid to cure his back pain. The 33-year-old man took himself to the hospital with severe back pain after lifting something heavy. He'd apparently been experiencing chronic lower back pain for some time. When doctors examined him, they discovered a red, swollen spot on his right arm. It turns out that's where he'd been injecting his own spunk. The case report describes his semen therapy as ""an innovative method to treat back pain"" devised independently ""of any medical advice,"" which is a very nice way to put that. Perhaps most alarmingly, he'd been giving himself injections for a whole 18 months. Prior to arriving in hospital, he'd just given himself three ""doses"" both into his veins and into his muscle, which caused the swelling. So not only was he injecting semen into his own body, he kept missing his veins. Just for the record, injecting random stuff into your veins can cause infections and clots, which can be dangerous, even potentially life-threatening. And injecting semen with a needle anywhere into your body is a bad idea. But in this case, he was injecting it into his soft tissue where it was just kind of hanging out and causing inflammation. An X-ray showed exactly where the problem lay. He had an abscess and cellulitis, a serious infection of the tissue under the skin. The case study's authors, led by Lisa Dunne of the Adelaide and Meath Hospital in Tallaght, Dublin (who declined to be interviewed by BuzzFeed News), did their homework to see if there's any medical literature regarding semen injections for back pain. Their search yielded no known cases of human use. ""A search of more eclectic internet sites and forums found no other documentation of semen injection for back pain treatment or other uses,"" they wrote. ""This is the first reported case of semen injection for use as a me",science
"The reunion is a standard moment in a boy band’s life cycle. The New Kids on the Block are still touring — on land and on water. The Backstreet Boys reunited in 2015 with a documentary chronicling their history, came back again with a Vegas residency, and periodically trot out new songs and old-school choreography. (The world continues to wait on NSYNC, presumably because Justin Timberlake is busy making derided albums.) Yet as successful as these tours are, a whiff of desperation tends to cling to them. There’s a nagging feeling that necessity — rather than artistic inspiration — is what really brings these (older and wiser) men back together to revisit their hits with an audience that grew up adoring them. The Jonas Brothers’ recent comeback, in contrast, is transcending the nostalgia circuit. Nick, Joe, and Kevin initially conquered tween hearts through the Disney machine in 2007. And, as with any boy band, each member had their role: Joe was the heartthrob, with architecturally flattened hair and doe eyes seemingly able to peer into a teen girl’s soul, Nick was the group’s cutely curly-haired auteur, Kevin was the random older one (Chris Kirpatrick played this role too perfectly on NSYNC). Their music was catchy and perfectly crafted pop rock. They could serenade fans with the country-tinged “When You Look Me in the Eyes” provide lilting love songs like “Lovebug,” and sell punky ’tude with “Burnin’ Up.” There was merch, and sold-out arena tours, and fanfic (with oddly specific imaginings of the brothers’ quotidian reality: “Nick woke up to the bright sun in his face, and the smell of his brothers smelly under arms.”) Yet what most people still remember are the promise rings. They weren’t even unique to the brothers within the Disney stable; Miley Cyrus also wore one. But the cultural fascination with male virgins made them the most famous — and surveilled — possessors of Christian virtue after Britney Spears and before the recent Bachelor Colton Underwood. Yet b",reader
,health
"David Correia, a Florida businessperson who was arrested at JFK Airport on Wednesday as part of an investigation into associates of Rudy Giuliani, had spoken publicly as far back as January 2017 about Ukraine and Joe Biden’s son Hunter. “i assume the day your son took his position in Ukraine was also a great moment?” Correia tweeted at Biden on Jan. 22, 2017, according to a cache of his now-deleted Twitter account. “I have a feeling that chapter isn’t closed.” The tweet came days after President Donald Trump was inaugurated. Correia, along with Lev Parnas, Igor Fruman, and Andrey Kukushkin, was named in an indictment unsealed last week that alleged the four men committed fraud and circumvented campaign finance laws to funnel foreign money to a pro-Trump super PAC. All four men have now been arrested. Parnas and Fruman are known associates of Rudy Giuliani, a lawyer working for Trump, and spent lavishly as they traveled the world hunting for information on Biden, a potential presidential rival for Trump in the 2020 election. Parnas, Fruman, Kukushkin, and Correia “conspired to make political donations — funded by Foreign National-1 — to politicians and candidates for federal and State office to gain influence with candidates as to policies that would benefit a future business venture,” according to the indictment. Correia has been associated with Parnas since at least 2012, the Miami Herald reported. His 2017 tweet offers a glimpse into how the Ukraine obsession that eventually consumed Giuliani was already bubbling in certain circles from the moment Trump became president. Correia, 44, describes himself as a “serial entrepreneur” on his LinkedIn and is based in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. He is listed as a cofounder, alongside Parnas, of Fraud Guarantee, a Boca Raton–based company that paid Giuliani $500,000. Other cached pages from Correia’s Twitter show him retweeting John Solomon, the former Hill columnist who pushed the narrative that forms the basis for Giulia",politics
"BOSTON, Massachusetts — This city was never going to be ready for the straight pride parade. On Saturday afternoon, a collection of self-described free speech advocates brought the own-the-libs internet into the real world, marching through historic Boston. Purportedly intended as parody of an LGBTQ Pride Parade, the march featured Pepe the Frog cosplayers, members of the far-right street gang the Proud Boys, and alt-right troll Milo Yiannopoulos as grand marshal riding atop a Trump 2020 float. It ended with a confrontation between attendees and counter-protesters and law enforcement armed with batons and pepper spray. Orchestrated by a group called Super Happy Fun America, the straight pride parade was touted as a playful exercise in free speech and came with all the trappings: far-right rhetoric blasted from megaphones, white nationalist paraphernalia, and signs celebrating Trump’s border wall. This wasn’t political pot stirring, or an orchestrated political confrontation between the left and the right, the group insisted. It was just a parade with floats and costumes. “It’s just making fun of the left and identity politics,” one attendee wearing a Left Shark meme costume said. ""No one here is a hater."" But lurking behind the cheery branding was some troubling context. Progressive public advocacy organization and website ThinkProgress recently uncovered ties between Super Happy Fun America and the violent white nationalist group Resist Marxism. SHFA vice president Mark Sahady has been photographed marching with far-right group Patriot Prayer. He also was seen alongside members of the Proud Boys at rally in Providence, Rhode Island, in October 2018. In January, Sahady was filmed attacking a trans woman at the Boston Women’s March. Sahady’s partner Samson Racioppi, who has been working with him since 2017, has also been photographed with Resist Marxism members. While the straight parade's organizers may have facetiously cast the event as just poking a little fun, it",tech
"The study results are ""very empowering,"" said lead author Dr. Aron Buchman, professor of neurological sciences at the Rush University Medical Center in Chicago. ""Rather than just talking about all the things that go wrong in older people, there is a developing literature there are resilience factors that can really make a difference."" Buchman and colleagues looked at 454 people who were unusually committed to taking part in the research. So much so, that they had been taking annual memory and other tests for about 20 years and had agreed to donate their brains after death. This allowed the researchers to check for brain changes linked to dementia and Alzheimer's disease, which can only be diagnosed definitively at autopsy.  All of them wore an activity tracker on their wrist for 7 to 10 days about two years before they died. (The average age at death was 91.) The trackers measured movement in all directions, but couldn't really differentiate between types of movement. Overall, 191 had dementia and 263 did not.  The researchers found that people who were more active had a lower risk of dementia than those who were less active, even if they had a number of different brain changes at autopsy that are normally associated with Alzheimer's disease or other problems. ""The devices can’t tell the difference between cutting onions and sewing and sweeping the floor and going to the gym,"" Buchman told BuzzFeed News. ""So it seems like a generic total effect that anything you can do — even if you can’t get out the front door to go to the gym because you are limited at home — if you increase your level of activity it seems to be better for you."" And for those of you who want to give it a try, the researchers can't really give a specific amount of activity that is ""enough."" They aggregated all the movements into a ""counts per day"" number, and people with dementia had about 130,000 counts per day compared with 180,000 counts per day in those without it, according to the study publis",science
"Kim Cobb traveled to the Kiritimati coral reefs in the spring of 2016 and found, to her horror, an underwater graveyard. A climate scientist at the Georgia Institute of Technology, Cobb was alarmed to see this precious research site in the Pacific Ocean in such visible distress. The reefs were mostly dead after months of being in abnormally warm ocean waters. Then that fall Donald Trump was elected president, dashing Cobb’s hopes of the US implementing the environmental rules needed to prevent a warmer world. “It became clear after the election not only was that hope misplaced, but it was actually never going to be enough,” Cobb told BuzzFeed News. And so, she underwent a “wholesale reorganization” of her life, she said, including biking to work, rarely flying, going vegetarian, investing in expensive residential rooftop solar panels, and getting involved in her community’s new transportation plans. A growing number of scientists and activists are, like Cobb, taking dramatic personal steps to decrease their personal carbon footprint. But stopping the activities that make a real difference — flying, driving, eating meat, and having children — is for most people a big sacrifice, and even climate experts disagree about whether they have a moral imperative to do so. The camp that’s going all out includes a 400-person Facebook group called #BirthStrike, formed in December 2018, for people who have decided “not to bear children due to the severity of the ecological crisis.” And hundreds of climate scientists have vowed to scale back on flying. “I think it’s a good thing for climate messengers to ‘walk the talk,’” said Peter Kalmus, an associate project scientist at the University of California, Los Angeles, who has stopped flying altogether and created the website No Fly Climate Sci for others to publicly share why they are flying less. “It makes the message much more effective.” Other scientists point out, though, that without strict laws to curb carbon emissions, no ind",reader
"In the next few months, Portland isn't going to know what hit them. 'Cause nine nurses in the same labor unit are all pregnant and due around the same time. Nurse Amanda Spear told CNN affiliate WMTW, ""It is really nice coming to work and just talking about these experiences that we are going through together."" The hospital also assured people that they are prepared for when all nine nurses go on maternity leave. So, let's just say Maine Medical Center probably throws some pretty awesome parties. 😉 Congrats to all the mommas-to-be!",health
"In late November 2018, Asher Burke gathered his employees in their San Diego office and laid out a vision for how Ads Inc. was going to become an e-commerce powerhouse. The tanned and muscular 27-year-old CEO detailed plans to merge the company he founded in 2015 with another e-commerce company, and hire 20 or so new employees with expertise in developing products, such as electric toothbrushes and hair extensions, to be sold online. The goal was to “build a company that is a digital assembly line of brands that would appeal to every single person in this room,” he said in a recording obtained by BuzzFeed News, calling it “a really exciting vision worth getting up in the morning for and sinking your teeth into.” At the time, Ads Inc. was a growing business with tens of millions of dollars in annual revenue and roughly 20 people in its San Diego office. And Burke — a politically connected entrepreneur who had served as deputy political director of the Republican Party of San Diego — was its founder, CEO, and mastermind. There was just one problem: Ads Inc.’s business was a massive Facebook scam, and it had little, if any, expertise in legitimate e-commerce. Since 2015, Ads Inc. has made money — lots of it — by executing one of the internet’s most persistent, lucrative, and sophisticated scams: the subscription trap. The subscription trap works by tricking people into buying what they think is a single free trial of a celebrity-endorsed product. Although the customers would receive the product — which in most cases was not made by Ads Inc. itself — in reality, the celebrity has nothing to do with the offer. And in purchasing the free trial, the customer unwittingly commits to a pricey monthly subscription designed to be hard to cancel. As for the products, a current employee described the diet and male enhancement offerings as “the worst of the worst … China-made sawdust in a capsule.” But the subscription trap was just one part of Ads Inc.’s shady business practices.",politics
"The wildfires ripping through the Amazon have drawn the world’s attention to the destruction of the “lungs of the planet.” Many scientists believe cattle ranchers clearing land caused the flames, spurring groups around the world — including the government of Finland — to call for a boycott of Brazilian beef. But to boycott all of the products damaging the Amazon, you’d have to do much more than give up steak. You’d have to toss out your phone, laptop, wedding band, and anything else with gold in it. “There’s no way to get the gold out without destroying the forest. The more acres you cut down, the more gold you get. It’s directly proportional,” Miles Silman, cofounder of Wake Forest University’s Center for Amazonian Scientific Innovation (CINCIA), told BuzzFeed News. Fueling that demand is not just the world’s appetite for gold bars and jewelry — the largest categories for which gold is used — but also high tech. Tiny electrical currents are constantly running through your iPhone, Alexa speaker, and laptop — and carrying those currents is gold, a fantastic conductor of electricity that’s also resistant to corrosion. While there isn’t much gold inside a single device — an iPhone 6, for example, contains 0.014 grams, or around 50 cents’ worth — in the aggregate, the amount is staggering. According to market researcher Gartner, over 1.5 billion smartphones were sold last year, with 1.3 billion of them being Android devices. It was followed by 215 million iOS devices. So the tech industry, which consumes nearly 335 tons of gold yearly, will only need more and more of the metal. “There’s a gold rush in the Amazon right now that’s just like the gold rush that happened in California in the 1850s,” said Silman. According to a 2018 CINCIA study, artisanal mining, or small-scale mining conducted by independent miners, has uprooted nearly 250,000 acres of rainforest in the Madre de Dios region of Peru, where Silman focuses his work. Another study, by researchers at the Univers",tech
"Last April, William Jacoby, a political scientist at Michigan State University (MSU), used the website of American Journal of Political Science to dismiss allegations of sexual harassment as “false” and “unfounded.” But now both MSU and the University of Michigan, where Jacoby taught at a research methods summer school, have concluded that he violated their harassment policies by propositioning graduate students. In a report finished last October, the University of Michigan concluded that in 2002, Jacoby asked an attendee at the summer school, Rebecca Gill, now an associate professor at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, to have an affair with him. MSU’s report, completed earlier this month, concluded that in 2012 or 2013 he propositioned a graduate student for sexual favors in exchange for his guidance on her research. The student, whose name is redacted in a copy of the report obtained by BuzzFeed News, alleged that Jacoby said: “You can’t expect me to do something for nothing, quid pro quo.” Jacoby, who is known for his studies of the “culture wars” and political polarization in the US, retired from MSU on Jan. 1. He denies both allegations. The University of Michigan’s conclusion was “based on a biased and incomplete consideration of the evidence that was presented,” Jacoby told BuzzFeed News by email. “With respect to the MSU report, I continue to deny that accusation as well… Currently, I am considering my appeal options.” The University of Michigan said it could not comment on investigations as a matter of policy. Jacoby last taught at a summer school it hosts on campus, the Inter-university Consortium for Political and Social Research (ICPSR) summer program, in 2017, before the allegations became public. He also was a member of the advisory committee for the summer school, which is run by his wife, Saundra Schneider. “We do not anticipate having William Jacoby participate in any future ICPSR summer programs,” University of Michigan spokesperson Rick Fitzge",science
"On April 11, Buckingham Palace issued a statement on behalf of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The note thanked well-wishers, but then got down to business: “Their Royal Highnesses have taken a personal decision to keep the plans around the arrival of their baby private. The Duke and Duchess look forward to sharing the exciting news with everyone once they have had an opportunity to celebrate privately as a new family.” For the first time in 42 years, a swaddled royal baby wouldn’t be paraded down the steps of the Lindo Wing of St. Mary’s Hospital, whose entrance was described by the New York Times last year as “the most stared-at doors in the world.” “Short of having a birthing pool in Kensington Palace and having a flock of storks fly over, it’s in the book — having the baby at the Lindo is what they do,” Ken Wharfe, former bodyguard to Lady Diana, Prince William, and Prince Harry, once told People. “They won’t change it.” It seems the British press was just as cocksure; when they learned of the planned shake-up, they weren’t happy. After all, royal baby content means big money. “Meghan you don’t get to claim ‘privacy’ after your star-studded baby shower and wedding that WE forked out £30m for,” read the headline in a story by the Sun’s Lauren Clark. “Being a royal isn’t a part-time job.” Meanwhile, non-journalists are incensed too, some calling for a ‘Megxit.’ Though many people — especially women and, more particularly, mothers — applauded the duke and duchess’s decision, it was clear that others felt cheated. To them, Meghan may have given up her acting career, but she’s still expected to play a role. All in the name of tradition. Ironically, if Meghan does indeed have a home birth, she’d be carrying on a far more established tradition; St. Mary’s Hospital has been a royal birthing station for the past four decades to only three mothers of the monarchy: Princess Anne, Princess Diana, and Kate Middleton, the current Duchess of Cam",reader
"Imagine, if you will, a simple English muffin. Bastion of breakfast, Babe Ruth of breads. A delicious, versatile food. A staple of any old pantry. A food so full of potential, so full of flavor, that every single nook and cranny is quite simply blossoming with excellence. But there's one VERY IMPORTANT question that needs to be answered. What are English muffins called in England??? Rogue crumpets? Sir Admiral Cunningsworth's toastie pies? Or is it something the likes of which our tiny human brains can never BEGIN to comprehend? Well, good news my friends — I have the answer. They're called ""muffins."" MUFFINS!!! It's true. Do not attempt to adjust your mobile phone. This is earth-shattering stuff. They're really just called ""muffins."" What a time to be alive. But that doesn't mean that the questions are over. No, they've simple just begun. The truth is out there.",health
"The debates in the Democratic presidential primary have a rhythm this campaign cycle. They usually start with a big, broad opening on some enormous issue, like the economy or health care. There is usually an uncomfortable question one or more of the candidates have to answer assertively. Usually, two of the candidates end up fighting like cats and dogs — and any of these scenarios are capable of leading into an awkward, tense moment and the moderators lose control. The big issues in Tuesday’s debate, of course, were impeachment and Medicare for All. The hard question was for Bernie Sanders, who addressed the matter of his health. The smoke was between former Texas Rep. Beto O’Rourke and South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg, who have been engaged in a fight over O’Rourke’s mandatory gun buyback idea. While those variables can change, the candidate who plays the role of the mediator is — usually — the same: Cory Booker. Booker has consistently and clearly spoken to the nexus between the exasperation Democrats feel over the Donald Trump presidency and the need for civility in the primary. It’s arguable that he has won or been near the top of every debate — with Tuesday night’s debate in Ohio being another strong performance. In Westerville, Booker used his self-appointed role as the uniter in the room to draw a contrast with his opponents and Trump, saying he was “having déjà vu all over again” after early questions in the debate about Trump’s attacks on Joe Biden and his son Hunter’s work in Ukraine. “I saw this play in 2016’s election. We are literally using Donald Trump’s lies. And the second issue we cover on this stage is elevating a lie and attacking a statesman. That was so offensive. He should not have to defend ourselves. And the only person sitting at home that was enjoying that was Donald Trump seeing that we're distracting from his malfeasance and selling out of his office.” And he used his time to walk through his own priorities, from addressing childhood pover",politics
"Valdimar Gray was delivering packages for Amazon at the height of the pre-Christmas rush when his three-ton van barreled into an 84-year-old grandmother, crushing her diaphragm, shattering several ribs, and fracturing her skull. “Oh my god!” screamed Gray as he leaped out of his van. It was a bright, clear afternoon on Dec. 22, 2016, and the 29-year-old had been at the wheel of the white Nissan since early that morning, racing to drop Amazon packages on doorsteps throughout Chicago. He stood in anguish next to Telesfora Escamilla as she lay dying, her blood pooling on the pavement just three blocks from her home. After the police arrived, Gray submitted to drug and alcohol tests, which came up clean. He would later be charged with reckless homicide. The officers who investigated the crash didn’t ask Gray about the constant pressure for speed he faced as a driver for Inpax Shipping Solutions — one of hundreds of small companies that make up Amazon’s gigantic delivery network across America. If they had, they would have discovered that the company’s drivers worked under relentless demands to deliver hundreds of packages each shift — for a flat rate of around $160 a day — at the direction of dispatchers who often compel them to skip meals, bathroom breaks, and any other form of rest, discouraging them from going home until the very last box is delivered. Amazon issued Inpax hand scanners that could monitor the progress of its drivers as they delivered their packages and dictated the routes they drove. It had sent Gray’s bosses at Inpax a memo just days before the accident, criticizing lackluster delivery rates in the area and instituting a “no package left behind” policy during the critical holiday week. The number of deliveries drivers were expected to make each day was way up, and dispatchers were urged to keep as many of their vans on the road for as long as possible — even if it meant driving long into the bitter winter night. But when Escamilla’s grieving family s",tech
"Each year, the WHO releases a list of the top health threats facing the global population; the list helps inform policies and action plans. The 2019 list includes things like infectious disease epidemics and drug-resistant superbugs as well as potentially preventable health problems, such as heart and lung disease.  One would expect to see outbreaks of vaccine-preventable diseases on the list, such as measles or diphtheria (which made the list in 2018), among this year's top threats. However, for 2019 the WHO actually included the mechanism driving many of these outbreaks: the refusal to vaccinate. Yes, anti-vaxxers are now a top global health threat, joining the ranks of the Ebola virus, HIV, and humanitarian crises.  The WHO will address these threats with a new five-year plan, starting in 2019, which aims to ensure access to universal health coverage, protection from health emergencies, and improved health and well-being for billions of people.  Here is the full list of global health threats from the WHO (in no particular order). ""Vaccine hesitancy,"" as the WHO calls it, is the reluctance or refusal to vaccinate despite vaccines being available (even free, in many countries). There are a number of reasons why people are opposed to vaccination, but the WHO noted complacency, lack of access, and poor confidence in vaccines as key factors. Whatever their reasons, anti-vaxxers are threatening to reverse decades of progress made since the widespread implementation of immunization programs.  Measles, for example, has seen a 30% increase globally, and resurgences in countries that were close to elimination. The reasons behind this increase are complex, WHO wrote, but vaccine hesitancy is a major factor. In 2018, measles cases hit a record high in Europe. Many people in France and Ukraine erroneously believe vaccinations are unsafe, BuzzFeed News previously reported. ""Vaccination is one of the most cost-effective ways of avoiding disease — it currently prevents 2–3 milli",science
"Late last August — a few days before a backpacking trip — my friend Ashley texted me in a group chat: “Wudan, do you have enough N95 masks for everyone on this Enchantments trip? Keeping an eye on the smoke forecast.” Ashley had scored a coveted permit to camp in the Enchantments, an area in the east-central Cascades of Washington state. Studded with sparkling, high-elevation alpine lakes and rugged, foreboding granite peaks, it’s one of the most regulated regions for backpacking in Washington. The only way to get a permit to camp in the area in advance is through a lottery (you can also get permits the day of), and last year, 21,605 people entered in mid-February, vying to win one of the 3,027 spots. She asked me if I had N95s — face mask respirators that filter out dust and airborne particles — because I frequently visit cities in Asia that have heavy pollution and I often order them in bulk. And while there hadn’t been much need to bring N95s on summer backpacking trips before, we were anticipating smoke and ash from wildfires that were ravaging the western United States. I said I didn’t have any left, and our friend Jane piped in. “Any clue where to get these in town? The smoke is really getting to me today and imagine it will not be better going up Aasgard.” Aasgard Pass is a section of the Enchantments that gains about 2,200 feet in 0.8 miles — which means hikers need all the unadulterated, oxygenated air they can get. Most stores in Seattle were sold out. The closest Home Depot with N95s in stock was in Issaquah, a town about 20 minutes outside the city. In the days leading up to our backpacking trip, ash was falling from the sky and the blood orange sun looked apocalyptic. It wasn’t always like this. I’ve lived in Seattle for about three years, but the smoke from wildfires has only been noticeable the last two summers. One of the major draws of moving here was the access to the outdoors: Drive a few hours in almost any direction and you’ll soon be in the tra",reader
"Just seems like a bad idea. A few days ago, Rockland County, New York issued a state of emergency after experiencing over 150 measles cases over the last six months. This happened last Tuesday. This year. In 2019. Not 1473. In fact, measles cases are apparently on the rise all over the world! Again, this is in 2019 AD, not BCE. To which I say, that's a great thing! I mean, just consider all the positives! I mean, look at how fun this looks! I'd love to hang with my boys a little more! This looks great! Would love to live in a world like this! I mean, doesn't this look comfortable? Don't you want your kids to live out their entire life in this? Honestly, this doesn't look too bad! Measles looks like a great time! Doesn't this look fun? *********WARNING: SENSITIVE CONTENT BELOW********* Don't you want your kids to experience this? Looks cool to me! That's the good stuff! Can't we go back to the good old days BEFORE vaccines devastated our children? I mean, think of what vaccines do to your kids! Think of all the very fake side effects! THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!! WON'T SOMEBODY PLEASE THINK OF THE CHILDREN??? I mean, why would you ever get vaccinated?",health
"WESTERVILLE, Ohio — It was the endless, repeating image of Tuesday night’s three-hour Democratic debate: Elizabeth Warren on one side of a split screen, waiting in silence, hand raised, for a chance to respond. Eleven candidates stood to Warren’s left and right on stage in Ohio, attacking her wealth tax, questioning her approach to Medicare for All and taxes, and dragging her into an array of policy issues, without prompting from the moderators. Amy Klobuchar said Warren wasn’t being “honest” about raising taxes to pay for Medicare for All. Pete Buttigieg said she wanted to “obliterate” private health insurance. Kamala Harris asked Warren, and only Warren, why she wasn’t supporting her proposal to suspend Donald Trump from Twitter. Twice, Tulsi Gabbard lobbed Warren a question from the other side of the stage. And Biden, still the leading candidate in most early primary polls, engaged Warren in a hot exchange about who deserves credit for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the consumer protection agenda she spearheaded during the Obama administration. “I went on the floor and GOT YOU VOTES,” Biden said near the close of the debate, his voice raised. He turned toward Warren and chopped his hand in the air. “I GOT VOTES for that bill. I convinced people to vote for it. So let’s get those things straight, too.” Warren paused for three full seconds. “I am deeply grateful to President Obama, who fought so hard to make sure that agency was passed into law,” she said, leaving Biden, Obama’s vice president, out of it entirely. A hushed “ooooh” sounded from the crowd. “And I am deeply grateful to every single person who fought for it and who helped pass it into law,” she went on, “but understand—” The fourth Democratic debate, hosted by CNN and the New York Times at Otterbein University, marked a new stage in Warren’s steady rise over the last eight months from a campaign at the bottom of the polls to the very center of a crowded primary contest: Her rivals, the big o",politics
"The official Twitter account of Jack Dorsey, the CEO of the social media platform, was hacked on Friday and used to broadcast racial slurs and a bomb threat.Shortly before 1 p.m. in San Francisco on Friday, Dorsey's @jack account tweeted a link to a Discord chat and RT'd a series of tweets, including one that read, ""follow me i am jacks daddy."" The account also tweeted a string of racist slurs and a bomb threat directed at Twitter's headquarters. The tweets were removed within about 20 minutes of publication. ""The phone number associated with the account was compromised due to a security oversight by the mobile provider,"" a company spokesperson said in a statement. ""This allowed an unauthorized person to compose and send tweets via text message from the phone number. That issue is now resolved."" A source familiar with the situation confirmed that Dorsey had been ""SIM swapped,"" or a process in which a hacker takes over a victim’s mobile phone number, and with that cellular account access, gains controls to applications connected to the phone number. This can happen if a hacker uses some personal information about a person — like the last four digits of a Social Security number, a credit card number, or even a fake ID — and calls the victim’s carrier’s customer service to move a mobile account over to another SIM card. A Twitter spokesperson would not confirm if that was the case and did not say which mobile carrier Dorsey employed. They also didn't comment on the Twitter CEO's whereabouts. When asked if the hackers had further access to Dorsey's account like his direct messages, the spokesperson declined to comment. Discord, a messaging app that's popular with gamers, took down the server hosting the chat tweeted by the @jack account. Before the server was taken down, BuzzFeed News discovered discussions suggesting the hackers might target President Donald Trump's account next. Dorsey's hacked tweets were posted to Twitter through an app called Cloudhopper, which was",tech
"There are a lot of great reasons to exercise. And there are a multitude of things you can do that count as physical activity, including walking, dance, hiking, rock climbing, and more.  Sometimes exercise can feel like a bit of a chore, something you have to do for health reasons. But occasionally exercise can transform your life, whether it helps pull you out of an emotional pit, overcome stress, learn something about yourself, or help you appreciate your body.  Here are some stories from people who moved their bodies in new and sometimes challenging ways, and found out that it changed their life for the better. I'm transgender — female to male — and I spent 23 years haaaaaaaaaaating my body. Once I figured out I was a runner (another long journey), I started running marathons for fun! Now every race and recreational run is a celebration of the man I've become. —Tehr2 I have had depression a couple of times and I also have general anxiety disorder. I found that longboarding around the city really improved my mood the last time I was going through a period of depression. Had I not forced myself to get outside and skate everywhere, I don't think I would have gotten back to my normal self as quickly. I don't skate much anymore, but I have picked up rock climbing the past three years and I consider it to be my version of meditation. All I can think about when I am climbing is climbing. It has been a miracle for my anxiety to be able to completely dump the worries in my head and just think about getting to the top.  —Jesschillin When I was a junior in high school, my first serious boyfriend of two years broke up with me. I was devastated. I was just starting my track season and I decided that I should get a head start on other people and start running before practice started. When I felt like crying or screaming or anything, I would get up and go for a run. That year I beat my personal best by over a minute and I ran my first half marathon. Since then I ran another half",science
"You do not have to believe in God to understand that Notre Dame is a holy place. Its exceptional composition, of stone, glass, oak, and lead, was assembled by human hands from 1163 to 1345, culminating in a feat of French Gothic architecture — a work now so monumental it resonates as nearly mythological. A relic allegedly containing Christ’s Crown of Thorns has resided in Notre Dame for ages, brought to Paris by Louis IX via Constantinople in the 13th century. Construction had already been underway by then on the cathedral, modern implementations like flying buttresses altering its ascent — the external stonework supporting the weight of the ceiling, allowing for the walls to extend higher, leaving room for countless windows and the spilling forth of euphoric light. Pointed arches, rib vaults, and piped masonry of ingenious design together created a sense of verticality, to render the sublime. Like many people, I saw the fire on my phone’s screen in real time. Flames ripped through the 856-year-old medieval wooden roof known as “the forest,” quickly desecrating one of the most iconic structures in the world. Photos soon flooded my timeline, from the Obamas to high school acquaintances: decades-old snapshots, a friend’s mother smiling beside a stone gargoyle; young Sasha and Malia lighting votives in the nave; the cathedral’s spire at night, extending heavenward from a miraculous illumined body, the whole form some divine lantern that had descended above the Seine — all but remembrances now, as angry plumes of smoke billowed from Notre Dame’s torched silhouette. Some viewed those shared vacation photos as opportunistic plays at grandstanding; others considered that process a way, perhaps, to concretize their grief. Unlike the recent, horrific bombings throughout Sri Lanka’s churches, there were no casualties. And yet the fire seemed to prompt a global, collective mourning for loss of the startling, existential sort. Notre Dame de Paris took 182 years to erect. Genera",reader
"""Don't be offended if somebody steers you in the right direction. Learn from it and apply it!"" —Illtakeadickrightnow ""If your vagina feels uncomfortably tight and/or feels like it burns a bit during penetration, masturbation, inserting a tampon, or during a gynecological exam, then something might be wrong. You might have vulvodynia or vaginismus, which can be treated with pelvic floor therapy or medication. Pain can happen because of stress, lack of lube, or just bad luck, but if it's reoccurring then get checked out! Too many women are told to suffer instead of getting the medical treatment they deserve."" —wick34 ""If you're doing something and your partner starts saying, 'Yes' or 'Right there' or basically anything encouraging, it means keep doing exactly what you're doing at exactly the same pace you're doing it until the encouragement stops, subsides, or they cum."" —KhaoticMess ""Learn how to use your hands, mouth, and tongue as well as your equipment. Oral/manual stimulation can be just as intense as sex."" —mdma-22 ""Do not try to do anal without discussing it with your partner first. Nobody likes surprise anal. Especially without lube."" —Red_Head_ ""Peeing and cleaning up after sex are both really important. It helps you and your partner avoid UTIs. Plus a quick rinse will leave you feeling and smelling more refreshed."" —autistic-cicada ""Wash your hands before sex, especially if you are going to finger your woman. A lot of times, because of spontaneous sex, men and women don't think about the germs we're putting in a very sensitive and potentially problematic areas."" —theZiddl3r ""Don't be afraid to be vocal. I don't just mean dirty talk. If you're enjoying yourself, I wanna know! I don't need porn star dialogue, but gasps of pleasure and, ""Oh, wow,"" when I'm down there get me so hype and so turned on. Sex is the epitome of nonverbal communication, but sighs and moans and gasps just heighten the intensity."" —mayonaizmyinstrument ""Don't skip foreplay."" —iDeleteYour",health
"WESTERVILLE, Ohio — In each of the first three presidential debates, Joe Biden was the target — the clear frontrunner whom other Democrats were trying to take down a peg or two. And that’s where Biden found himself Tuesday night at the fourth debate. Polls show he’s still a frontrunner. But Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts has surpassed or tied with him in some state and national polls, and many of the other candidates on stage shifted their combative attentions to her. Over three hours at Otterbein University, Biden was often an afterthought. It wasn’t a terrible spot for him. The swampy story of his son’s business dealings overseas while Biden was vice president — a subplot of the impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump — was dispensed with quickly, within the first 20 minutes. Rather than being on the defensive constantly, Biden got to lean into strengths, such as his foreign policy experience, and flex his more progressive credentials on gun control and women’s reproductive rights. The night could have gone differently for Biden. Tuesday began with ABC News airing its exclusive interview with Hunter Biden, who conceded that he exercised bad judgment by serving on the board of a Ukrainian natural gas company while his father was the Obama administration’s point person on Ukraine. The younger Biden also acknowledged that his father’s stature created business opportunities for him. (“I don’t think that there’s a lot of things that would have happened in my life,” he said, “if my last name wasn’t Biden.”) Trump and his allies have made false and unfounded accusations that both Bidens behaved illegally or improperly. CNN’s Anderson Cooper, one of the debate’s moderators, emphasized that reality Tuesday while also asking Joe Biden if he agreed that his son had shown bad judgment. “Look, my son's statement speaks for itself,” said Biden, who avoided giving Cooper a direct answer both times he was asked the question. “I did my job. I never discussed a sing",politics
"Amazon-owned home security company Ring has long maintained that its video-enabled doorbells do not use facial recognition technology. On Wednesday, it reaffirmed that commitment to the Washington Post, stating that its devices do not employ the controversial tech that some US cities have banned. “Ring does not use facial recognition technology,” a company spokesperson told BuzzFeed News on Thursday, repeating the claim. But that’s not the whole story, according to documents obtained by BuzzFeed News. While Ring devices don’t currently use facial recognition technology, the company’s Ukraine arm appears to be working on it. “We develop semi-automated crime prevention and monitoring systems which are based on, but not limited to, face recognition,” reads Ring Ukraine’s website. BuzzFeed News also found a 2018 presentation from Ring Ukraine's ""head of face recognition research"" online and direct references to the technology on its website. Ring’s contradictory statements about its facial recognition efforts is just the latest example of the Amazon-owned company’s lack of transparency regarding its products. On Wednesday, the company revealed that it was working with more than 400 law enforcement agencies in the US, after spending months stonewalling media outlets, activists, and researchers who asked questions about the company’s partnerships with police departments. “We are on the verge of an unprecedented increase in state and private spying that will be built in plain sight,” Evan Greer, the deputy director of the digital rights group Fight for the Future, wrote in an op-ed in BuzzFeed News last month. “It will be built in winsome partnership between corporations and government agencies hungry for more data and control.” On Wednesday, after months of public pressure, Ring disclosed partnerships with 405 US police departments — nearly double the amount previously known — that allow officers to easily request video footage from Ring users in the investigation of pote",tech
"Cocaine overdoses, killing about 15,000 people a year, now exceed those from opioid painkiller pills, according to US death certificate data. Methamphetamine deaths are surging just behind them, now estimated at around 11,000 annually. The increase in fatal stimulant drug overdoses marks what experts are calling a “fourth wave” in the decadeslong US overdose crisis. “It’s not your father’s drug market anymore,” former CDC epidemiologist Jon Zibbell of RTI International in Research Triangle Park in North Carolina told BuzzFeed News. “What we are really seeing is people now using multiple drugs, and stronger synthetic drugs of all kinds.” More than 70,000 people a year die of drug overdoses in the US, far more than are killed by car crashes, guns, or AIDS at the height of the crisis in the 1990s. The staggering number of deaths is the culmination of an epidemic that started two decades ago with opioid painkillers, followed by heroin a decade later. More recently, the epidemic has been fueled by the potent synthetic opioid fentanyl. Fentanyl and its variants remain the leading cause of drug overdose deaths nationwide, killing about 30,000 people yearly, followed by heroin, which kills more than 15,000. But cocaine and methamphetamine, both stimulants, are catching up to heroin and other opioids as causes of death in provisional CDC statistics, growing by roughly 250% since the start of 2015. Mixed with other drugs, or taken alone in more potent forms, they will likely worsen the already terrible US overdose epidemic, a national public health emergency that until now has been driven by opioids. A December report from the National Drug Early Warning System (NDEWS), for example, reported increases in drug overdose deaths with both fentanyl and cocaine present in Philadelphia, New York, and the state of Maine, compared to 2017. In Huntington, West Virginia, “fentanyl and methamphetamine are now the most commonly co-occurring drugs found in overdose death cases,” Michael Ki",science
"There are dozens of new stores in Waco, Texas, that sell the ingredients for a successful Instagram post. There are boutiques with cute linen rompers, well-lit coffee shops, and new shops with felt pennants stenciled with “Let Go and Let God” and hand towels screen-printed with “Alexa, please feed the kids.” And they’re almost all in the orbit of “the Silos” — two rust-stained containers, once filled with cotton seed, that serve as a shabby-chic navigation point from downtown Waco. “Close to the Silos” has become the most prominent characteristic in descriptions of Waco shops, real estate listings, hotels, and Airbnbs: “Within walking distance” means access to the spending dollars of the 50,000 (!) tourists who come to town every week. Three and a half years ago, those silos were transformed by Chip and Joanna Gaines — the stars of the HGTV show Fixer Upper (2013–2018) and the couple behind the thriving Magnolia brand — into Waco’s new center of gravity. The real draw is 20,000 square feet of retail space, where you can buy Magnolia wreaths, Magnolia T-shirts (#SHIPLAP, Texas Forever), Magnolia Quarterly magazine (total audience: 5.6 million) and Chip and Jo’s five books, including Joanna’s cookbook, Magnolia Table, which quietly became one of the best-selling books of 2018. In the five years Fixer Upper aired, the Gaineses transitioned from running a modest local house-flipping business to overseeing a media, real estate and retail empire as nationally beloved celebrities; in Waco today, their influence is almost inescapable. There’s a mini boutique in the Magnolia market selling an assortment of jewelry lines worn by Joanna onscreen, and “Chip’s Corner,” with hammers engraved with #DEMODAY — a reference to the mid-episode interlude of Fixer Upper when Chip releases some masculine energy by tearing down walls. Out back, a turf lawn is buttressed by food trucks selling “gourmet grilled cheese,” “trashcan rice bowls,” and blended watermelon juice served in a “persona",reader
"The hardiest urban legend of the US overdose crisis — the idea that deadly amounts of fentanyl are tainting the illicit marijuana market — is being spread by officials at the White House and the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA). At a news conference last week prior to briefing Trump on the crisis, Kellyanne Conway, the White House’s opioid crisis czar, warned of the risks of illicit fentanyl turning up in other drugs, including marijuana. “People are unwittingly ingesting it,” Conway said. “It’s laced into heroin, marijuana, meth, cocaine, and it’s also just being distributed by itself.” Although that is true for heroin, and in some cases cocaine and methamphetamine, fentanyl-laced marijuana is not a real risk, according to experts who are concerned about senior leadership at the White House and elsewhere in the federal government repeating an urban legend. “This is part of a wider fentanyl panic that goes beyond having alternative facts [and] leads to bad decisions,” Northeastern University drug policy expert Leo Beletsky told BuzzFeed News. “It's crazy that this story is coming out from our leaders,” epidemiologist Dan Ciccarone of the University of California, San Francisco, told BuzzFeed News. “It shows that concerns about fentanyl have reached the level of moral panic. Fear outweighs rational evidence. There is scant evidence for cannabis laced with fentanyl.” The US overdose crisis killed around 70,000 people in 2017, sparking a national emergency declaration by President Trump. Fentanyl killed at least 30,000 of those people, CDC statistics suggest. The increasing presence of the drug in the heroin supply on the East Coast, as well as in some batches of cocaine and methamphetamine, is blamed for the surge in overdose deaths, which have more than doubled since 2016. But fentanyl hasn’t shown up in any marijuana seized by the Drug Enforcement Administration, the agency’s Jill Head, a senior chemist, confirmed earlier this month at a National Drug Early W",health
"WASHINGTON — Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is set to endorse Sen. Bernie Sanders for president, the senator’s campaign confirmed to BuzzFeed News Tuesday evening. “She will help us build the multiracial working class coalition we need to win and transform this country,” Sanders campaign manager Faiz Shakir said in a text message to BuzzFeed News. The endorsement is perhaps the most significant for Sanders of the 2020 cycle so far. Since shooting into the national spotlight last summer after toppling then Rep. Joe Crowley, Ocasio-Cortez has become one of the most significant voices in progressive politics — with major sway, particularly among young voters. The news that Ocasio-Cortez will endorse Sanders was first reported by the Washington Post Tuesday night during the Democratic presidential debate, which marked Sanders return to the campaign trail after a recent heart attack. Rep. Ilhan Omar, one of Ocasio-Cortez’s closest allies, endorsed Sanders Tuesday evening immediately following the debate. “Bernie is leading a working class movement to defeat Donald Trump that transcends generation, ethnicity and geography,” she said in a statement. “That is why he is fighting to cancel all student debt. That is why he is fighting to make all school meals universal. That is why he is fighting for a humane immigration policy that treats immigrants as human beings and not as criminals. And it’s why Bernie is fighting to end our forever wars and truly prioritize human rights in our foreign policy.” Rep. Rashida Tlaib, another member of the progressive group of first-term representatives known as the Squad, was also reported to be planning to endorse Sanders. But Tlaib clarified in a statement Wednesday, that while she will take Sanders on a tour of her district on Oct. 27 and bring him to a roundtable ""with housing justice advocates,"" she has not yet made an endorsement. ""It is critically important to me to involve my residents and my district in every major decision I make. .",politics
"Almost every time Sarah-Jane Mee, the presenter of Sky News’ flagship morning, appeared on television over the past 18 months, there was a Twitter account ready to post screenshots of her. The account called @PSpotter1, which until days ago had thousands of followers, would post what appeared to be fairly innocuous screengrabs of Mee. But the captions revealed the true intent of the account: to present Mee as a sex object. Accompanying three or four screenshots of Mee seated at the desk, or standing next to Sky News’ big screen, would be captions such as, “SJM this morning, her body” or “If you need a wank lads” or sometimes just a series of emojis “🍑🍆💦”. Mee was not the only female television journalist to be subjected to this treatment. The account posted similar screenshots, with similar captions about other high-profile presenters, like ITV’s Susanna Reid and Ranvir Singh, and the BBC’s Victoria Fritz and Louise Minchin. But it was Mee with whom the account seemed to be particularly obsessed. Mee told BuzzFeed News she was both “shocked” and also not altogether surprised at the behaviour. “There is something very creepy about a man doing that and other men commenting and having conversations about how you look and your figure, and you’re not privy to it, like it’s going on without your knowledge,” she said. Until last week, @PSpotter1 was part of a Twitter and Pinterest network of accounts BuzzFeed News had uncovered that were posting and sorting creepy screengrabs of high-profile women journalists who appear on UK television. Using a range of tactics to avoid being detected by the women they were sexualising, the Twitter accounts, with names like “Hot Totty Spotter” and “Wank bank 2018”, were devoted to posting images, videos and GIFs which had been zoomed in on their breasts, cleavage, or bottoms. One called “Sky Sports Women” had 54,000 followers, another called “Birds I View” had 15,000 followers. They retweeted each other and sometimes asked followers for “",tech
"California’s devastating two years of massive wildfire seasons was a wakeup call to some residents that climate change was already impacting their lives. Yet the financial fallout from the fires could make it more difficult for the state to curb greenhouse gas emissions. Pacific Gas & Electric, the state’s largest utility, which provides service to 16 million customers, says it plans to file for bankruptcy due to its financial exposure from the fires. Under California law, utilities are responsible for wildfires caused by their equipment, even if they are not found to be negligent. The company on Monday said Chapter 11 bankruptcy was its “only viable option” in response to an estimated $30 billion or more in liabilities stemming from damaging wildfires, which have been made more likely by climate change. “This is climate change,” David Weiskopf, the climate policy director at the nonprofit NextGen America, told BuzzFeed News. “It’s what we’ve all been warning each other about for a long time. There will be impacts and they will be big.” PG&E’s bankruptcy could mean bigger bills for its millions of customers and delays to fire victim lawsuits. It could also mean trouble for the utility’s many renewable energy contracts and other programs meant to better prepare residents for a warming world, climate and energy experts say, from electric vehicles to solar to energy efficiency. And if those programs are cut or scaled back, or become more expensive, it could hurt California’s ability to meet its bold climate targets as it's trying to be a leader on aggressive climate action for the rest of the country, and the world. “In the short term, it’s not good news,” said Ethan Elkind, director of the climate program at University of California Berkeley’s Center for Law, Energy & the Environment. One of Elkind’s main concerns is what will happen to the utility’s multiyear, $130 million pilot program, announced last year, to install 7,500 chargers for electric cars. A big barrier ",science
"April is National Poetry Month, which means now is a great time to check our bookshelves: How many queer poets are there? Queer poetry is blooming with talent right now — and these books are a great place to start. Smith made a huge mainstream name for themselves with 2018's Don't Call Us Dead, but their first collection deserves just as much attention. Already proving themselves a master of wordplay, rhythm, and truth-telling, Smith explores many of the same themes here as in Don’t Call Us Dead — bodies, mourning, lust, life, gender, joy, ancestors, and black lives. Smith comes from slam poetry, and their shrewd lines are evidence of this: They are sharp-edged and full of life. [Insert] Boy won the Lambda Literary Award for Gay Poetry, the Kate Tufts Poetry Award, and the John C. Zacharis First Book Award, so if you haven’t been reading Danez Smith, join this firecracker of a bandwagon and be amazed. (And if you ever have a chance to see them perform live, do it.) Read: ""You're Dead, America"" by Danez Smith Get it from Amazon for $14.87, Barnes & Noble for $16, or find it at IndieBound or your local library. Another Lambda Literary Award winner, this collection from a legendary writer, activist, and self-described queer disabled femme of color is a must-read for everyone. Drawing bodies as maps — of diaspora, class, language, trauma, drive; of glitter and grit — Piepzna-Samarasinha writes bold, blunt, tight lines that are felt in the body as one reads. She also explores hunger — for food, sex, joy, and the divine — as well as the idea of rewriting maps and bodies. Piepzna-Samarasinha’s other works (including the memoir Dirty River and her recent release Care Work) are also pillars of the queer activist literary canon. Get it from Amazon for $15.93, Barnes & Noble for $18.95, or find it at IndieBound or your local library. Winner of the Cave Canem Poetry Prize and longlisted for the National Book Award, this collection is a menagerie of the corporeal — an ark of mem",reader
"It's just that simple! Kindred spirits: True stupidity: Shifts from the grave: How to say sorry: The dream: How to annoy any server: The most uncomfortable situation: Work dreams: What checks should actually show: The funniest joke in the world: The rudest generation: How to improve every POS system: How to be right: Alternative therapy: The missing arm: What happens when you complain: The important difference: Training 101: Bad days: The generational difference: Getting away with it: Moments of peace: And, finally, how to be a good person:",health
"WASHINGTON — The Democratic takeover of the House of Representatives last year took out a wave of moderate Republicans who might have provided a core of resistance to President Donald Trump — but are instead watching ambivalently from the sidelines. “What’s surreal is the historical context of impeachment … and the fact that I’m one term removed from something that does have a place in history,” said former Pennsylvania representative Ryan Costello, who added that he sometimes found himself squirming at the things Trump said or did. Costello had been more publicly critical than many of his colleagues were, and he walked away from Congress scolding the president for mocking center-right Republicans who lost their seats. (Costello memorably tweeted the day after Republicans lost the House ""to lose bc of POTUS & have him piss on u. Angers me to my core."") Being free of Washington means not having to worry if your job will hinge on one crucial impeachment vote. But it also means missing out on history. Trump could become just the third US president to be impeached by the House of Representatives. “If they did and I were still in Congress, that would be, obviously, a career-defining type vote,” said Costello, one of 40 House Republicans who either retired or lost their seats in January. “I think anybody in public service wants to be part of momentous votes.” It’s an irony of the regionalized US political system that partisan waves like the 2018 Democratic win usually make the victorious party more diverse — while the members of the losing party mostly lose moderates from swing districts and become more hardline. “I’m sorry I’m not there,” said former New Jersey representative Leonard Lance, a self-described moderate who broke from party leadership on key issues like immigration and repeal of Obamacare. “I believe there needs to be more moderates on both sides and I see precious few.” Now, the diminished cadre of Republicans in the House are, mostly, from safe districts w",politics
"After a former subordinate accused Alphabet Chief Legal Officer David Drummond in a blog post of philandering and refusing to pay child support for the son they had while they were together, Drummond called himself “far from perfect” in a statement addressing her claims. On Wednesday, Jennifer Blakely, a former contracts manager in Google’s legal department, detailed her relationship with Drummond that began in 2004. Though Drummond was married at the time, the two had a child in 2007 and lived together, according to the blog post. Blakely’s relationship with Drummond required her to transfer departments at Alphabet, the parent company of Google. She eventually left the company with the expectation that Drummond would financially support her and their son. In 2008, she said he ended their relationship. “I’ve spent the last 11 years taking on one of the most powerful, ruthless lawyers in the world,” Blakely wrote, noting that Drummond would go for months without seeing his child or providing child support. The allegations against Drummond come after a series of stories about executive misbehavior at one of the largest and most influential companies in the world. In late 2018, Google employees staged a worldwide walkout to protest an internal cover-up of a payment of $90 million to former senior vice president Andy Rubin, who allegedly coerced a subordinate into performing sexual acts. Drummond’s personal statement does not address most of Blakely’s allegations, and notes that “it’s not a secret” that the pair had “a difficult break-up 10 years ago.” While he says he “regrets” his part in that breakup, he did not clarify what exactly he regrets. “Her account raises many claims about us and other people, including our son and my former wife,” he said. “As you would expect, there are two sides to all of the conversations and details Jennifer recounts, and I take a very different view about what happened. I have discussed these claims directly with Jennifer, and I addres",tech
"Two women whose sons died after being exposed to a toxic chemical in paint strippers are suing the EPA in the latest attempt to compel the agency to ban the chemical. Joshua Atkins was 31 when he died from exposure to methylene chloride while refinishing a bike part in a bathroom in his mother’s house. Atkins, who was a BMX biker, had been using Rust-Oleum Aircraft Remover, a solvent that strips finishes from metal. “Had this been banned when it should have been banned, my son would still be here,” plaintiff Lauren Atkins, who lives in Pennsylvania, told BuzzFeed News. The EPA under president Obama had proposed banning the use of methylene chloride in paint strippers for consumer products and commercial uses. But the agency has yet to implement the ban. “The EPA is the one that deemed it unreasonably risky and hazardous to human health and they’re the ones that haven’t banned it,” Atkins said. “I don’t understand that.” Rust-Oleum’s Aircraft Remover is one of many products that contain methylene chloride, along with paint removers, commercial adhesives, and cleaning products for machines and cars. (Rust-Oleum did not respond to a request for comment.) Most often, people are exposed to the chemical when they breathe it in, according to the CDC. High exposure can cause dizziness and nausea, burn the skin, and damage the central nervous system. Ahead of an EPA ban, some sellers — including Walmart, Lowe’s, Sherwin-Williams, and Amazon — have committed to phasing out or dropping products that contain methylene chloride.“It’s a very dangerous chemical, and since the [EPA] rule was proposed in 2017, there have been at least four deaths and there will probably be more deaths unless the EPA acts to get it off the market,” Bob Sussman, one of the attorneys representing Atkins and the other plaintiffs in this lawsuit, told BuzzFeed News. Sussman was the EPA’s deputy administrator under president Clinton and served as senior policy counsel to former administrator Lisa Jackson,",science
"On Ash Wednesday, after we’d filed into our high school gym one by one so Father Tom could smudge a cross on our foreheads with the pad of his thumb, we sat in prayer. Once a month, the gym became a church for us. Chairs faced center court in neat rows, the marching band played hymns, and the bleachers held the wafers and wine for the students selected to bring it up to consecrate into the Eucharist. Ash Wednesday was no ordinary Mass, though. It marked the beginning of Lent, and all morning the students in my high school had considered what we’d give up for the next 40 days. “Reflect on the sacrifice you’re making to feel closer to Christ’s suffering,” Father Tom instructed us after he read the story about Jesus fasting in the desert. In three of the four Gospels, Jesus fasted for 40 days in the Judean desert, surrounded by wild beasts and protected by angels. According to the story, during this time of self-denial, Satan appeared to Jesus and tried to tempt him three times. The first temptation was to turn stones into bread, which would satisfy a starving man’s body, but not his spirit. Food was a distraction as a hungry soul felt its way through the wilderness. “Man does not live by bread alone,” Jesus tells the devil in Matthew 4:4, “but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God.” For years I’d been fingering the fringe of my own starvation, keeping it at arm’s length in case I ever needed it. That day in Mass, I decided to let it take up residence in my body. After all, physical suffering, according to the priests, brings us closer to God. My whole life I’d read about the saints, my hungry heart considering the ways I too could feel the churning of my appetite. But that day, sitting under the basketball hoop, I listened to Father Tom asking us to spend Lent preparing our hearts through our own forms of self-sacrifice. I thought back to the things I’d given up for Lent in the past few years: fighting with my brother, watching Happy Days on Nick at Nite, ",reader
,health
" Twitter clarified when it will enforce rules against ""world leaders."" Which is Twitter's way of relaying what Donald Trump can do on the platform. The upshot: Unless Trump explicitly violates Twitter's rules, leaving no room for interpretation, the company will do nothing. ""We focus on the language of reported Tweets,"" Twitter said in a blog post Tuesday, ""and do not attempt to determine all potential interpretations of the content or its intent."" Twitter's blog post comes in the wake of a series of controversial tweets from Trump that drew condemnation from Sen. Kamala Harris, a Democrat representing California and running for the party's nomination for president, who called for Twitter to suspend him. ""Trump's tweets about the whistleblower represent a clear intent to harass, intimidate, or silence their voice,"" Harris wrote in an open letter to Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey. ""His blatant threats put people at risk — and our democracy in danger. His account must be suspended."" Reached for comment following the release of Twitter's world leader rules, a spokesperson for Harris told BuzzFeed News, ""When Trump is using his tweets to make threats, incite violence and intimidate witnesses, this is insufficient."" With today's announcement, Twitter made it clear that intent doesn't matter, at least when it comes to its enforcement. The company spelled out a series of ""enforcement scenarios"" under which it would take action, including promotion of terrorism, clear and direct threats of violence, posting private information or intimate photos, child sexual exploitation, or promoting self-harm. Yet Twitter also left itself a Trump-sized hole in terms of how it said it will handle threats of violence: ""context matters: as noted above, direct interactions with fellow public figures and/or commentary on political and foreign policy issues would likely not result in enforcement,"" Twitter said. That hedge could mean that even if Trump — or other world leaders — do make some sort of v",politics
"NAIROBI — On an unusually warm night in early August, Shailja Patel packed her most valuable belongings into a carry-on bag and suitcase, and headed for the airport. Days earlier, a judge had ordered her to pay damages worth more than $87,000 to the man she said sexually assaulted her, to apologize to him, and to never publish defamatory statements about him ever again. She refused. And now she was leaving the country. Once she was outside the jurisdiction of the Kenyan court that handed down its judgment, the 49-year-old writer and activist began to tweet about the alleged incident five years ago, and the subsequent grueling court case that led her to uproot her whole life. “They will not humiliate me. They will not disappear me. They will not break me,” she wrote, before breaking into a verse style: “They “Will “Not “Take “My “Voice.” Speaking to BuzzFeed News over the phone from a location she doesn’t want to be published for safety reasons, Patel described the turmoil of the past half-decade, and why she needed to leave her home behind in order to feel safe again. In 2014, Patel and her friend Wambui Mwangi had accused another writer of sexually assaulting Patel at a writers gathering held at Mwangi’s house. The assault was detailed in a series of tweets. Patel said that she did not have any faith in the police, who have been known to harass and victim-blame women for crimes of sexual and other forms of physical violence. After an investigation, police declined to file charges against the man Patel and Mwangi had accused, a well-established poet, author, and journalist named Tony Mochama. But he sued them both for defamation, arguing that their tweets nearly ended his career. “We lost because the system is utterly and absolutely corrupted,” Patel said from her self-exile. “I could have saved my time and not bothered to engage it at all.” BuzzFeed News has reached out to the magistrate who handed down the decision for comment. Patel’s nightmare began on the after",tech
"One person died and 12 others were hospitalized in Chico, California, on Saturday, after overdosing on what appeared to be the synthetic opioid drug fentanyl. First responders arrived after receiving a 911 call from a residence in the area. One man was pronounced dead at the scene of the incident, and 12 others were transported to a nearby hospital. ""Every indication is that this mass overdose incident was caused from the ingestion of some form of fentanyl in combination with some other substance, though that is yet to be confirmed,"" said Chico Police Chief Mike O'Brien at a press conference on Saturday. Police officers administered CPR and naloxone, a narcotic overdose treatment, at the scene, O'Brien said. ""It certainly would have been far worse without the response and dispensing of naloxone by Chico police officers,"" he said, adding that officers began carrying naloxone last year. Fentanyl and other drugs with similar chemical compositions are lab-made substances, 30 to 50 times more potent than nonsynthetic heroin. Fentanyl is mixed with heroin, meth, and cocaine as a cheap filler, and users often do not know whether the drugs they have bought have fentanyl in them. Mass overdoses have become increasingly common, HuffPost reports, because a batch of heroin laced with fentanyl usually reaches multiple users. “We’ll see waves of folks coming in and when we talk to EMS, they tell us the people came from the same two-block area where several others were found dead,” Zachary Dezman, an emergency room doctor at the University of Maryland Medical Center, told HuffPost. In 2016, in a mass overdose in Huntington, West Virginia, 26 people overdosed on fentanyl in the space of a few hours. In 2017, drug overdoses killed a record number of people in the US — more than 70,000. Between 1979 and 2016, 600,000 people died of drug overdoses. Fentanyl and similar substances now kill more people in the US than any other drug. In 2017, some 25,000 people died of fentanyl overdoses",science
"I recently discovered a corner of the internet that was new to me. It felt like stepping into a slightly glitchy simulation of the world of “mommy blogs,” circa 2010. There were uncomplicated, inexpensive recipes, low-key home organization guides, amateur photography — even stock photographs, the presence of which is always a sign you’re in a part of the internet where there’s probably more going on than meets the eye. The posts were remarkably ordinary, so boring that some could have been written by bots, but the very light sprinkling of personal details about the authors assured me they weren’t. “Pregnancy is a huge part of any woman’s life,” reads the beginning of one post about early pregnancy symptoms on Journey to SAHM (SAHM stands for stay-at-home mom). That statement seems arguable, as well as the suggestion that cramping or bloating would be “Weird and Shocking” to anyone with a menstrual cycle. And I’m not interested in ever being pregnant again. It was obvious 50 words into this post that it contained nothing new or helpful to me or anyone else. Yet I found myself clicking through, maybe out of a sense of incredulousness that content like this is still being produced in earnest in 2019. Some of these blog posts read like an Amy Sedaris script, like this incredibly detailed set of instructions on how to set up a “coffee station” that I bookmarked and am compelled to reread on a weekly basis (“Now there are all kinds of goodies you could stock your coffee station with,” blogger Margo of Joyful Homemaking writes, “but of course, first and foremost is a coffee maker”). When I browse these blogs, I feel lulled into a state of comfortable voyeurism, which is not how I feel when consuming content written by the gleaming-haired momfluencers I follow on Instagram. I couldn’t have hate-read these blogs if I’d tried to. “Just this last year,” Margo writes in a post about dealing with fatigue, “my hubby and I have started going to bed a lot earlier. When our kids wer",reader
On hip hop: On technology: On pens: On thirst: On lava: On scams: On cheese: On tigers: On overthinking: On bugs: On deodorant: On cans: On aging: On the past: On iPhones: On screaming: On Pooh: On bread: On rent: And on dates:,health
"Rudy Giuliani was photographed with his now-indicted Ukrainian associate Lev Parnas at former president George H.W. Bush's state funeral service at the National Cathedral in Washington, DC, last December, a high-profile event that drew former presidents and world leaders. Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor and George H.W. Bush's son, said the Bush family didn't intend for Parnas to be there. Parnas ""was not invited,” Bush told BuzzFeed News in an email. “Rudy was and it is likely that he was Rudy’s guest. Disappointing.” Parnas — along with his associate Igor Fruman — was arrested last week and charged with conspiring to evade federal laws regulating campaign contributions from foreign nationals. Both men worked with Giuliani to push the Ukrainian government to investigate Joe Biden and his son Hunter. Another photo reported to be from the George H.W. Bush's state funeral service appears to show that Fruman was also in attendance. The state funeral service was on Dec. 5 last year, and Biden was one of the many American political leaders present. He did not have any interaction with Giuliani or Parnas, a person familiar told BuzzFeed News. Giuliani did not respond to a request for comment about the service. The National Cathedral, which hosted the service, and the George W. Bush Presidential Center did not respond to requests for comment. Emma Loop contributed to this story. Rudy Giuliani and Lev Parnas arrive at the service for President George H.W. Bush at the National Cathedral in Washington, DC, on Dec. 5, 2018.",politics
"Shane DeCamp was in seventh grade when he fell in love with musical theater. He had just nabbed the title role in his Long Island middle school’s production of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory when his dad took him to Broadway for the first time to see the show in November 2017. Watching the professional singers, glittering costumes, and dreamlike sets, Shane, now 14, was dazzled. “I just fell in love,” he told BuzzFeed News. Since then, he’s already been in three more school musicals, playing leading roles in two of them. But it’s not always easy being a teenage theater nerd; many schools don’t have the resources to nurture their passions — and some of their peers can be judgmental, to say the least. Now, kids like Shane craving their stage fix no longer have to rely solely on their school plays and drama clubs. On Instagram, a whole subculture of “fake casting” has popped up over the last year or so, in which young Broadway stans are auditioning for and casting their own imaginary musicals. This summer, Shane started one such account with his best friend since kindergarten, Lila Carino, 14. He first found fake casting accounts a few months ago just scrolling through his Explore tab. After auditioning for a few, he decided to make his own. “I texted Lila, and I was like, ‘Wow, this is a really good idea,’” Shane said. “We can be, like, really professional and actually try hard to make a nice casting account.” Shane and Lila are just two of the self-appointed “casting directors” in this small yet booming Instagram community, made up mostly of other young teens. A search by BuzzFeed News uncovered more than 800 accounts using the hashtag #fakecasting so far in 2019. To cast a show, they will post on their accounts what Broadway musical is next in their “season.” To audition, followers will DM a video of themselves singing a song from the show. When the deadline comes, the casting director will post the cast list in a new Instagram post. But that’s where it ends — th",tech
"Plogging is a fitness trend that originated in Sweden (because of course) and means to pick up litter while jogging. Erik Ahlström, an avid skier and trail runner, coined the term (originally plogga, as it is still known in other parts of the world). It’s a combination of “jogging” and “plocka upp,” which is Swedish for “pick up.” In English, the mashup conveniently aligns with the “p” and “l” in “pick up litter.” Despite what autocorrect tries to insist, it has nothing to do with blogging. Ahlström dates his organized plogging to 2016, but the movement seemed to gather steam globally in 2018. Thanks to some media coverage of Ahlström’s organized events, plogging Instagram and Facebook accounts sprang up around the world. It’s something many civic-minded walkers and outdoors enthusiasts had been doing long before it became a hashtag. The most famous is probably acclaimed humor writer David Sedaris, whose community named a garbage truck after him in 2014 for his roadside litter-picking habit — a side effect he said of trying to log more steps on his Fitbit. Now the plogging movement has “reached all continents,” Ahlström told BuzzFeed News from New Zealand, where he was on a “plogging tour” to spread awareness and popularize the trend. (He acknowledged that maybe it hasn’t quite caught on in Antarctica...yet.) Ultra runner Ripu Daman, 31, who said he was dubbed “India’s first plogger,” told BuzzFeed News, “I and some of my friends have been cleaning up for years but at an individual level and then decided to start a group called My City, My Responsibility. And when we saw this cool term for clean-up called plogging, we basically rebranded ourselves to Ploggers of India last year with a vision to make India a country of ploggers.” The #plogging and #plogga hashtags are used by all kinds of people who combine exercise with picking up trash, including runners, walkers, hikers, cyclists, and even paddleboarders — like Mari Laitinen, a 37-year-old Finnish event manager wh",science
"We’re so excited to announce The Bird King as BuzzFeed Book Club’s May pick! G. Willow Wilson’s sprawling, fantastical novel takes place during the reign of the last sultan of Muslim Iberia, focusing on a concubine named Fatima and her best friend Hassan. The two have a dangerous secret — Hassan, the palace mapmaker, can draw maps that bend reality — and when Fatima accidentally reveals this to a woman from the newly formed Spanish monarchy, she puts her and Hassan’s lives at risk. Read an excerpt below, and join us next month as we dive into the book — posing questions, sharing opinions, and interacting directly with author G. Willow Wilson. “Choose a bird,” said Fatima. It was the way all their conversations went now: The palace, rambling as it was, had grown cramped under siege, the air perpetually stale with the shut-up breath of a hundred half-starved mouths. Every conversation became an argument. It was safer to retreat into the games of their childhood, as they did more and more; into the stories of creatures that could fly away. Fatima returned to her patch of sun on the balustrade. “A bird,” she repeated. Hassan chewed for a moment before answering. “Red-crested pochard,” he said triumphantly. Fatima laughed at him. “That’s not a real bird,” she said. “You’re just being an idiot.” “It is so a real bird! It’s a sort of duck, a waterbird. We used to have them on my mother’s land, near the lake. Hunters would come to trap them in the fall.” In the course of their game, they had long ago run through all the ordinary birds, and had since moved on to more exotic ones. “Very well,” said Fatima. “The pochard, the pochard—since he has a bright crest, perhaps he was vain, and when the other birds sought him out to accompany them on their journey across the Dark Sea to the mountain of Qaf, he refused. Why should he leave his home, where everyone flattered him and he could spend all day preening? The people of Qaf might not appreciate his plumage as they ought to do. B",reader
"Former Disney Channel star David Henrie and his wife, Maria Cahill, welcomed a beautiful baby girl into the world on Tuesday, March 19. Pia Philomena Francesca Henrie was born in Los Angeles, weighing in at seven pounds and six ounces. She is their first child together. While basking in the joys of newfound fatherhood, David reflected on the difficult journey he and his wife shared in order to bring Pia to full term. ""Pia Philomena Francesca Henrie has brothers and sisters...,"" David wrote on Instagram. ""Maria and I suffered three miscarriages before finally being able to carry Pia to full term."" ""It was insanely difficult recovering from miscarriage after miscarriage."" ""We knew if we were ever going to be able to hold a baby of our own in our arms that we must not let the tragedy affect our marriage, but rather grow closer together!"" Sticking to their faith and the power of prayer, the 29-year-old California native revealed they enlisted the help of Pope Francis. ""The reason Pia’s middle name is Francesca is because I personally asked pope Francis to pray for Maria and I to have a baby."" ""He took our hands, held them together, said a special blessing, then looked up and told me not to worry that a baby would be coming — That was pretty much exactly nine months ago. "" David went on to share some encouraging words for anyone else struggling out there: ""pray, hope, and don't worry."" And although it's only been a couple of days, we can already tell David is cherishing every moment of daddy duty.",health
"Last week, Facebook announced that it would allow political candidates to lie in ads posted to its platform, but it’s haphazardly enforcing a number of other advertising policies that have led to the takedowns of paid content from at least five US presidential candidates. According to a BuzzFeed News review, Facebook has removed more than 160 ads posted this month by President Donald Trump and some Democratic candidates, including Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, former vice president Joe Biden, and businessperson Tom Steyer. In some cases, Facebook appeared to apply its policies unequally, removing some ads for breaking rules around profanity, fake buttons, and advertising in certain states while leaving others that seemed to do the exact same thing untouched. In several instances, Facebook quietly removed ads that ostensibly violated its policies after BuzzFeed News inquired about them on Monday. By one count, the social network took down an additional 32 ads from the Biden campaign after the inquiries. As of 5 p.m. PT on Oct. 14, Biden had the most ads of any candidate removed; Facebook took down at least 117 ads, which were mostly focused on the Trump impeachment effort. At least 28 Warren ads were taken down during this time period, including six on Oct. 11 promoting her 100% clean energy plan and another 22 on Oct. 2. Facebook took down one each from Sanders and Steyer and removed 21 Trump ads attacking Biden, one of which displayed a video promoting a lie about the former vice president. “None of these political ads were rejected on the basis of being deemed false by our fact-checkers,” a Facebook spokesperson told BuzzFeed News. “They were removed for violating one or more of Facebook's other advertising policies, such as our policy against using fake buttons in ads.” The Trump ad, for example, was taken down for violating Facebook's rules against profanity in advertisements, the company spokesperson explained. Representative",politics
"In a surreal court appearance Wednesday, Troy Woody and Mir Islam, the two American hackers accused of killing Tomi Masters in the Philippines last year, were identified by a witness as having dumped a box later found to contain Masters’ body in the Pasig River. The pair, who showed up for their murder trial in Manila with no attorneys present, unsuccessfully attempted to have their trial delayed and were instead appointed representation by the presiding judge. Masters was dating Woody before her death, and the two men have given conflicting accounts of what happened. BuzzFeed News spoke to Woody and Islam, who were clad in yellow prison shirts and flip-flops, as they sat outside the courthouse awaiting their trial. During the interview, the pair changed their story, yet again, from their previous accounts of Masters’ death. Islam claimed that Masters left for Tagaytay, a resort area south of Manila, the morning before she was found dead. When BuzzFeed News asked Woody when he last saw Masters, he struggled to answer before saying, “I don’t remember.” Islam attributed the change in explanations to bad advice from their previous attorneys. “Attorneys are bad. They told us the wrong things to say,” Islam, who claims to have studied law in the US, told BuzzFeed News. Islam, a core member of the hacking collective UGNazi, had previously served several years in federal prison in the United States following a sting in which he was arrested for accepting what he believed were stolen credit cards from an undercover FBI agent. Woody was also a core member of UGNazi, but was a minor at the time and escaped prosecution. The two hackers were handcuffed and seated next to each other during the proceedings. Woody clutched a bunch of papers, including a letter of termination from their last lawyer and a quote from a new one. The two were previously appointed a public attorney, who quit, and talks in the court implied the pair were difficult to work with. When Judge Rizalina Capco-",tech
"The holiday season may be over, but flu season is still going strong. According to the latest report from the CDC, millions of people across the country have already felt the effects of the unpleasant and potentially dangerous respiratory illness.  As of Jan. 5, an estimated 6.2 to 7.3 million people have gotten sick with the flu, 2.9 to 3.5 million people have seen a doctor because of the flu, and 69,300 to 83,500 people have been hospitalized. The CDC gets these estimates by using a mathematical model based on rates of influenza-associated hospitalizations collected through a surveillance network covering about 27 million Americans. This model is used to estimate the burden of flu season each year.  The flu is a highly contagious respiratory illness caused by influenza viruses that infect the nose, throat, and lungs. It can range from mild to severe and lead to complications, such as bacterial pneumonia, or worsen chronic conditions, like diabetes and congestive heart failure. Anyone can get the flu, but certain people are at higher risk of complications and death, including the elderly, infants, and those who are immunocompromised or have underlying health problems.  In the US, flu season typically lasts from October to March, with flu activity peaking between December and February. Last year’s flu season was particularly severe, one of the deadliest in the last 40 years. The 2017–18 flu season started and peaked early, and flu activity remained high across the US for a number of months. An estimated 80,000 people died, including 180 children, BuzzFeed News previously reported. Getting a shot not only offers you some protection from the flu, it can also help protect vulnerable individuals, including people who cannot get vaccinated for medical and other reasons.  According to the CDC, the 2018–19 flu vaccine protects against influenza A/Michigan (H1N1), influenza A/Singapore (H3N2)–like virus, and influenza B Victoria lineage virus. There are many different types",science
"My Facebook group isn’t private, but it isn’t easy to find either. Its title doesn’t include my name. At various points in my journalistic history, when I’ve written something that’s attracted the attention of trolls, my group has remained immune. A few times a day, I post articles as a point of discussion, and then the group, which now numbers over 42,000, discusses those articles — and the topics therein — in the comments. (In truth, it’s a page masquerading as a group — a secondary group, moderated by myself and others, includes posts from members). It sounds dorky, and it generally is. Of course, Facebook’s mysterious and befuddling algorithm ensures that only a fraction of the members see a given post. But the comments are funny, and thought-provoking, and inquisitive. People disagree, people ask questions, people ask for elaboration — but, with rare exception, people are not nasty or dismissive or horrible to one another. In the rare occasion nastiness does arrive (once every few weeks, usually when a post has been shared “outside” of the group to another person’s feed), I unceremoniously block them. I started the original group in 2009, and have never monetized it. I do it because I really, really like it, and the people who are part of it tell me they really, really like it too. It’s a place where I feel like I can ask questions, or for help working through an idea that’s not quite there yet. Members come from all over the world, and, according to Facebook’s analytics, 81% identify as women. Men periodically post in the comments. But they recognize, in a way I rarely see online, that their opinions are secondary. For many of us, these groups are one of the few remaining things tethering us to a platform that’s proven itself ineffective at combating toxicity, misinformation, and abuse in nearly every way. They provide community for people from all over the world, doing a bunch of different stuff, with a bunch of different and intersecting identities. Back in ",reader
,health
"Ed. Note: As the impeachment train continues rolling, this is meant to be a frequently updated resource detailing the people involved. It is divided into three sections; entries after the first section are listed alphabetically. Names in CAPITAL LETTERS have their own entry in this piece that can be cross-referenced. President Trump has, since he was a candidate, insisted that Russia had no role in his election. In pursuit of proof, he dispatched GIULIANI to Ukraine to gather evidence in support of a conspiracy theory that claims it was Ukraine, and not Russia, that intervened in the 2016 election. In the process, he used a July 25 phone call to ask President ZELENSKY to investigate both the conspiracies and HUNTER BIDEN’s role at a Ukrainian natural gas company, triggering the impeachment inquiry in the House of Representatives. The former US vice president launched his campaign for the Democratic nomination this April. TRUMP reportedly considers him his biggest threat while running for reelection. Biden bragged at an event at the Council on Foreign Relations in 2018 about his role getting SHOKIN fired. TRUMP and GIULIANI now accuse him of doing so to protect HUNTER from prosecution — even though there is no evidence that HUNTER was ever under investigation or broke any Ukrainian laws. Hunter first joined the board at Burisma Holdings, a Ukrainian natural gas company, in 2014, likely to help the company promote a better image abroad as it and its owner had been under investigation numerous times. For this, Hunter was paid a reported $1 million a year. He resigned ahead of JOE BIDEN’s presidential campaign launch but has been the target of TRUMP associates’ pursuit of information that would harm his father’s campaign. TRUMP has also suggested that China investigate Hunter’s work there, despite there also being no evidence of illegal activity in his business dealings there. The former mayor of New York City, Giuliani has been at TRUMP’s side since before the election",politics
"One of the top science articles promoted by Google News to Canadians last Sunday was awkwardly headlined “Are we Ready for Defending Earth from a Killer Asteroid?” The story was published by Advocator.ca, a website that says it “provides news on issues for affecting minorities in Canada.” It lists an office address in Gatineau, Quebec, and has bios with photos for six staffers on its website. In reality, the site doesn’t have an office in Canada, the staff photos actually show actors who starred in a recent Ontario theater company's production of Twelfth Night, and one of the people running the site appears to be based in Romania, a BuzzFeed News investigation has found. Advocator.ca is part of a network of more than a dozen websites that present themselves as Canadian news sources and use fake personas to publish content. They are connected to a larger group of roughly 50 live and offline sites that use at least 85 fake author profile photos. After being contacted by BuzzFeed News, Google said it had removed the network of sites from its AdSense advertising network, as well as from Google News. “We can confirm that we have taken action against a network of sites that have violated our policies on deceptive practices and misrepresentation,” a Google spokesperson said. Separately, the investigation found multiple Facebook pages presenting themselves as Canadian but that are actually run by accounts based in Kosovo, Israel, and the United States. In some cases, the pages and their associated websites spread false or misleading information, or promote visa advisory services to people wanting to immigrate to Canada. Two of the Facebook pages also tried to obscure their foreign origins after being contacted by a reporter. The Facebook pages and websites identified in the investigation are not primarily focused on Canadian politics and as of now have not attempted to influence Canadians ahead of the fall election. But their existence shows how easy it is to masquerade as ",tech
"There was a 57% difference between Washington, DC, which had the lowest total fertility rate, and South Dakota, which had the highest, according to the report from the National Center for Health Statistics. “This is the first time we sort of focused on these particular measures at the state level, and certainly there were several noteworthy findings,” lead author Brady Hamilton, a statistician and demographer at the National Center for Health Statistics, Hyattsville, Maryland, told BuzzFeed News. “And of course one of the more striking things is the statewide differences you see in the total fertility rate.” The total fertility rate is the estimated number of births 1,000 hypothetical women might have in their lifetime based on the age-specific birth rate in a given year. A total fertility rate of 2,100 births per 1,000 women is needed to replace a population over time, although immigration can help make up the difference. The total fertility rate “gives you a sense of the fertility of a generation, whereas the general fertility rate is the fertility rate for a given population in a given year,” Hamilton said. In the study, Hamilton and coauthor T.J. Mathews analyzed birth certificate data for all births in 2017, and also took a more detailed look at the three largest groups of women — non-Hispanic white, non-Hispanic black, and Hispanic women. They found that the total fertility rate was highest in South Dakota, at 2,227 per 1,000 women, and lowest in Washington, DC, at 1,421. The rate for the US as a whole was 1,765 per 1,000 women. The total fertility rate was above replacement level in just two states: South Dakota and Utah. No state had a total fertility rate above replacement for non-Hispanic white women, although 12 states did for non-Hispanic black women and 29 states for Hispanic women.  The general fertility rate, which is the number of births in 1,000 women ages 15 to 44, hit an all-time low, at 60.2 births in 2017, as BuzzFeed News previously reported. T",science
"Mira Jacob is the author and illustrator of Good Talk: A Memoir in Conversations and the novel The Sleepwalker’s Guide to Dancing. Her writing and drawings have appeared in the New York Times, Electric Literature, Tin House, Literary Hub, Guernica, Vogue, the Telegraph, and BuzzFeed, and Shondaland. She currently teaches at the New School, and she is a founding faculty member of the MFA Program at Randolph College. She lives in Brooklyn with her husband and their son. You can find out more about Good Talk here.",reader
"My book How to Be a Patient is about asserting agency during healthcare encounters and navigating the world of modern medicine in a more empowered fashion. If you want to do one thing now to set yourself on this path, the move is to get a solid primary care provider (PCP) — and not any PCP, but one you have chemistry with. Moving through the world without a PCP places more hurdles between you and the care you’re trying to obtain. It’s more of a hassle, for instance, to go to a specialist (eg. physical therapist, endocrinologist), since many insurance carriers mandate you first have an appointment with your PCP and then get a referral. It also limits your options when you need that prescription from last year refilled, or think you might have strep, or when the discovery of a mole is keeping you up at night. Today, roughly a third of American patients go without a PCP. Just under half of millennials go without one. Among patients who’ve established primary care, it’s rare for them to see their PCP as a true partner. And yet the research underscores the importance of this alliance. It’s how a provider makes you feel — not merely the information they equip you with — that predicts health outcomes. The usual responses I get when asking how someone likes their doctor or nurse practitioner go something like: “Mine is nice enough, but always in a rush.” “He’s awkward, but supposedly good.” “I think I’d rather have a woman. Should I see a woman?!” “When I go to my [provider’s] office, a different person sees me every time. What do you mean, primary care provider?” On the flip side there is that person who gushes about their provider, telling stories that make you think, Damn, I deserve better. So, onward and upward for the rest of us. As you begin to hone your search for a PCP, consider the various types of providers who practice primary care. They include: If you’re coming in cold, the best way to commence the search is by asking providers and nurses you already know and l",health
"The fourth Democratic presidential primary debate is Tuesday night, and we don't really know what to expect. The race itself has been in something of a stasis for the last several weeks, as impeachment and what's happening in Washington have dominated political news. There have been few real polling swings at the top of the field since the last debate in September — Elizabeth Warren has continued to rise, and Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders have remained mostly flat, despite the president's constant needling of Biden's family and Sanders suffering a heart attack. The rest of the candidates still mostly have single-digit support. Stasis isn't good for anybody (except for, maybe, Elizabeth Warren — more below on that). And tonight could prove to be the best chance this fall for candidates to change things up. Here are five of the biggest questions for tonight's debate, hosted by CNN and the New York Times from Westerville, Ohio, at 8 p.m. Warren is the only candidate in the primary who has steadily gained support all year, to the point where national polling averages have her in a near tie with Biden at the top. She's the center of the race right now, and, along with Sanders, is driving its policy and focus on systemic change. She hasn't had a big debate ""moment,"" hasn't had a breakout or surge. She's just been rising. Warren's so far succeeded in debates by sticking out of fights, avoiding interruptions, and hitting her anti-corruption message and personal story hard in her openings and closings. No one has really pushed her to do much more. So who is going to try and change her trajectory? So far, Warren has only really faced criticism in the debates from moderates like John Delaney, who didn't hit the polling threshold for this debate. Tonight could be different — she for once could be easier for lower-tier candidates to attack than Joe Biden or Bernie Sanders, with most Democrats rallying in defense of Biden against President Donald Trump and Sanders seeming vulnerab",politics
"Facebook has until Sept. 30 to provide data it promised to academic researchers or a consortium of funders will cease to support the project, BuzzFeed News has learned. The deadline is contained in a soon-to-be-released statement from the Social Science Research Council, a nonprofit that has worked to administer the proposal and grant process as part of a larger project to provide Facebook data to academics. Facebook said in April 2018 it would share data with academics to help them research the effects of social media on democracy. BuzzFeed News revealed last week that funders and researchers were beginning to lose patience with the company because it had not yet provided all of the necessary data, and had said it would not provide some of the data it initially promised. Facebook said the challenge of delivering data in a way that was in line with regulatory requirements and that protected the privacy and security of users had been harder than it expected. In a statement, the company said it would continue to pursue data sharing with academics even if the funders and Social Science Research Council withdraw. Earlier today, those funders — including the Democracy Fund, the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, the Charles Koch Foundation, and Omidyar Network — sent a letter to the SSRC saying that they recommend ""winding down the project"" unless Facebook can deliver a key data set by the end of September. The funders provided support for grants to be made to researchers. Now the project is in danger of ending, due to what funders claim are delays by Facebook in delivering data, as well as the concern that the company can't ""offer a definitive timetable for when the full set of proposed data can be made available."" Facebook's statement said it will continue to work to share data with academics in partnership with Social Science One, the entity set up by Harvard and Stanford academics to facilitate data sharing. “Researchers",tech
"A study that claimed to explain why falsehoods go viral — findings that were widely covered by the media — has turned out to itself be false. The article, published in June 2017, blamed people’s short attention spans for the spread of fake news. It was a claim that garnered coverage in dozens of news outlets, including Smithsonian, Business Insider, Vice, Scientific American, the Verge, and BuzzFeed News. But this week, as first reported by Retraction Watch, the study was retracted due to a pair of errors that invalidated its conclusion. “Our work is not fake news,” Filippo Menczer, a professor of informatics and computer science at Indiana University and a coauthor of the study, told BuzzFeed News. “In the moment that we found the error, we immediately contacted the editors to retract it. It was our own initiative. We were not trying to trick anyone. This is how science works.” The study, which appeared in the journal Nature Human Behavior, found that within the scientists’ theoretical model of a social network, what they called “high-quality information” (real news) was as likely to go viral as “low-quality information” (fake news). That’s because, the scientists said, people have a harder time separating the fake from the real when they have short attention spans but are faced with large volumes of information. As Menczer explained to BuzzFeed News at the time, “Maybe you only see five things. And you share one because it’s interesting, but not the others. But if you’d looked at 20, maybe you'd have seen something that was more trustworthy, or something that told you that story was fake.” Last spring, though, one of the scientists discovered errors in the team’s calculations, errors that contradicted the finding that got published, according to Menczer. But the model remains hypothetical, Menczer pointed out, and actual data from Facebook and Twitter still supports the idea that fake news is more likely than real news to go viral. He said that forthcoming researc",science
"On April 18, 2016, Max walked down the hall at his high school in Bremen, a midsize city in Northern Germany. He opened the glass door of a small office and saw a white cardboard box on the table addressed to him. The school’s director, a teacher, and a police officer were standing next to the box, Max remembered. Contained within it was a funeral wreath with black and dark red roses, as well as a white angel made of faux marble. Attached was a printed card: “We mourn the loss of Max O.” The men in the room said things like “evidence” and “death threat,” but by that point, Max had already tuned out. In an interview with BuzzFeed News, Max recalled the thoughts that were racing through his mind: What is all this? What does it mean? What’s going on? What am I supposed to do? Back in class, he didn’t tell anyone what had just happened. He was 17 years old. Max — whose last name we are not publishing to avoid jeopardizing the ongoing proceedings and to prevent others from targeting him — is one of at least 10 people the District Attorney’s Office in Bremen presumes to have been stalked and harassed by the same perpetrator. The office is actively investigating at least four of the cases. All the victims are young gay men like Max. The German Federal Ministry of the Interior registered 313 violent hate crimes against LGBT people in Germany in 2018. This actual figure is exponentially higher, however, because experts say these crimes are vastly underreported. For comparison, in England and Wales alone, more than 11,000 crimes based on sexual orientation were reported in 2017. Hatred toward LGBT people is also a part of everyday life in Germany, but it receives little attention in German politics and media. This is one of the reasons why Max decided to make his case public. Last December, while at a village disco in the Allgäu, he again faced abuse because of his sexuality; it was one of the reasons he decided to come forward, using his own name and face, about everything t",reader
" According to Kat, the network concluded the handwriting wasn't hers and told her to let the situation blow over.  ""It was fucking crazy,"" she says. ""I was in my early twenties, and just overnight I was falsely branded as an anti-Semite."" In a now-deleted Instagram post, the expectant mother said she planned to give birth at home with a midwife rather than with the assistance of a doctor, and revealed she and her husband had ""the intention of raising a vegan child, without vaccinations"". ""I already know what it’s like to make life choices that are not the same as the majority,"" she wrote at the time. ""So your negative comments are not going influence my choices — actual research and educating myself will — which I am diligently doing."" ""Just because we have hesitancies and valid concerns about injecting our baby with specific chemicals and toxins does not mean we are anti anything,"" she wrote. ""I have a son now,"" she said. ""Seeing all these awful comments and the things that people are saying — I can't just sit around and pretend like it's going to go away. It sucks that over this last decade every time this 8x10 comes up I have to be reminded of this really awful, traumatising time."" You probably know Kat Von D as a tattoo artist and makeup entrepreneur. This past November, she also became a first-time mother after giving birth to a baby boy, Leafar. Kat caused some controversy last June — while she was still pregnant — when she announced on Instagram that she wasn't planning to vaccinate her baby. There was an immediate backlash to her comments, and many people said they'd be boycotting her makeup brand, Kat Von D Beauty. Kat later addressed the situation in another Instagram post, insisting she and her husband ""are NOT anti-vaxxers"". Now she's denied the accusations again. In a video uploaded to her YouTube channel, Kat says she and her family have been getting ""a ton of hate"" since her son was born in November. ""I am not an anti-vaxxer,"" Kat begins. ""What I am i",health
"Logan Cook, known as ""Carpe Donktum"" online, was briefly suspended from Twitter on Monday amid controversy about a meme created by a contributor for his website, Meme World. He was brought back online about an hour later. Cook said the video that triggered the copyright takedown was a Super Bowl commercial posted in early February 2018. ""What they told me in the email is that I was suspended for copyright infringement,"" Cook told his followers on Periscope after getting his account reinstated. ""It was an indefinite or permanent suspension, but it was obviously reversed."" A Twitter spokesperson confirmed that Cook's account was suspended due to a copyright complaint sent to them by a copyright owner or authorized representative. According to the DMCA notice, Cook's account was part of a complaint made by Universal Music Group. Cook was one of 25 Twitter accounts listed. The complaint was sent on Monday. The video was described by Cook as a ""Super Bowl Commercial Parody,"" that was one of his favorite videos of 2018. Cook has gained notoriety in the last year for his GIFs and videos that have become a staple of the pro-Trump subreddit r/The_Donald and have even been tweeted by the president himself. Cook was invited to the White House in July for a “social media summit,” joining fellow far-right activists and influencers, including QAnon-supporting radio host Bill Mitchell, fringe social media huckster Ali Alexander, Project Veritas founder James O'Keefe, founder of Turning Point USA Charlie Kirk, and former BuzzFeed News reporter and current chief creative officer for Turning Point USA Benny Johnson. Capitalizing on his right-wing popularity, Cook recently launched Meme World, a website and basic social network for sharing right-wing and far-right memes. Cook and the Meme World community became the center of a New York Times story Monday; over the weekend, a video from a Meme World contributor was played during the American Priority Festival and Conference at Trump Na",politics
"Former Google engineer and self-driving car expert Anthony Levandowski was indicted by a federal grand jury on Tuesday for the alleged theft of trade secrets that later became the basis of a startup he sold to Uber Technologies. The 33 criminal counts announced by the US Attorney’s Office of the Northern District of California are the latest twist in a saga involving two Silicon Valley giants battling for supremacy in the race to build autonomous vehicles. In 2017, Google’s self-driving car unit, Waymo, sued Uber following the ride-hailing company's purchase of Otto, Levandowski’s startup. The companies settled in early 2018, ending a high-profile trial and a particularly ugly public relations battle. In his office’s indictment, US Attorney David L. Anderson noted that at the time of Levandowski’s resignation from Google’s Waymo in 2016 he downloaded “from secure Google repositories numerous engineering, manufacturing, and business files related to Google’s custom LiDAR,” a light-sensing technology crucial to self-driving cars, as well as circuit board schematics and other internal documents. “All of us have the right to change jobs,” said Anderson in a statement. “None of us has the right to fill our pockets on the way out the door. Theft is not innovation.” Anderson’s office noted that the indictment came as a result of an investigation from the FBI. If convicted, Levandowski faces a maximum sentence of 10 years and a fine of $250,000 plus restitution for each violation. He is set to be arraigned Tuesday afternoon. “We’ve cooperated with the government throughout their investigation and will continue to do so,” an Uber spokesperson said in a statement. A Google spokesperson did not immediately return an emailed request for comment. Levandowski left Google in early 2016 to launch Otto, a self-driving trucking startup. Within months, Uber acquired Otto for an estimated $680 million — a transaction that raised several eyebrows around the tech community given how long",tech
"People may absorb toxic industrial chemicals from some brands of dental floss, a new study says. It’s the latest evidence that Americans are routinely exposed to this vast class of chemicals, known as PFAS, some of which have been linked to heart disease and cancer. Women who said they flossed with Oral-B Glide floss had higher levels of a PFAS called perfluorohexane sulfonic acid (PFHxS) in their blood than those who didn’t, researchers reported Tuesday in the Journal of Exposure Science & Environmental Epidemiology. “I’m not trying to tell people, ‘don’t floss,’” Katie Boronow, a staff scientist at the Silent Spring Institute in Newton, Massachusetts, who was part of the study, told BuzzFeed News. “It’s about choosing safer products.” The CDC cites dental floss on a list of products that could contain PFAS. Studies in people have linked PFHxS to liver damage and a decreased immune response. Although scientists have known that PFAS are used in Glide, “this finding suggests that it may be more important than expected,” said Courtney Carignan, an associate professor of food science and toxicology at Michigan State University who was not part of the study. In addition to looking at the women’s blood levels, the researchers analyzed the chemical makeup of 18 types of dental floss. Six tested positive for fluorine, an element that they said indicates the presence of PFAS compounds. Those products were CVS Health EaseBetween SuperSlip Dental Floss Waxed, Oral-B Glide Pro-Health Mint and Glide Pro-Health Original, Crest Glide Deep Clean Cool Mint Floss, Safeway Signature Care Mint Waxed Comfort Floss, and Colgate Total Dental Floss Mint.“The safety of the people who use our products is our number one priority. Our dental floss undergoes thorough safety testing and we stand by the safety of all our products,” a spokesperson for Procter & Gamble, the company that owns the Oral-B and Crest brand, told BuzzFeed News by email. A spokesperson for CVS Pharmacy said by email that",science
"When I need to make some sense of the meanest, most tragic aspects of human nature, I turn to the Canadian writer Miriam Toews. Toews has written novels about loneliness and depression and suicide and devastating family secrets with nuance, demystifying the most taboo subjects with both empathy for her characters and compassion for her readers. Her latest book, Women Talking, is a tour de force about morality and female rage in the face of religious fundamentalism. Based on real-life events, the novel explores the aftermath of sustained abuse in a Bolivian Mennonite colony called Molotschna. For years, women and girls of all ages in Molotschna would wake up tired and sore, bleeding and scared, not knowing what had happened to them. Church elders blamed their discomforts on their “wild female imaginations.” It was later revealed that eight men in the close-knit colony had used animal sedatives to knock out the women and rape them repeatedly in the middle of the night. Eventually the men were convicted in Bolivian court, but rumors out of the colonies indicate that the rapes are still continuing. Women Talking takes place after the men have been imprisoned, and gives the girls and women of Molotschna their own voices, imagining how they can even begin to cope with such betrayal. Women from two of the colony’s families meet secretly in a hayloft to decide what they should do — whether to stay and fight (the members of their colony consider themselves to be pacifists, and the women are supposed to be submissive) or to leave the colony altogether (they have no maps, they are functionally illiterate, and they only speak Plautdietsch, a Low German language spoken by Mennonites). The women are spiritually, emotionally, and quite literally lost. An educated man named August Epp, formerly excommunicated from the colony and now returned but in poor standing in the community, is invited into the space to take the minutes of their meeting, and it’s through his narrative over the",reader
"I was in the Taco Bell drive-thru and felt the urge to poop. Another car was behind me, so I was trapped. The urge was getting stronger, but the cars in front weren't moving. I pulled my car up a spot and ordered. That's when I knew it was over. I unbuckled my seatbelt and put a towel under me. I was half-crying and half-laughing when my sphincter gave out. Liquid shit spilled from my bum, with no signs of stopping. I had to sit in my poop pants while waiting for the cars in front to go. The stench was unbearable. The shame still eats at me today. —maliaab While getting back into pre-pregnancy shape, I went on a run with my twins in their stroller. I suddenly felt my stomach drop into my asshole. My run turned into a walk. I hovered near a curb while I shat my brains out into my compression shorts. I panicked and called my husband. He slowly drove by me, laughing. Then we realized he couldn’t even help me because the car seats weren't in his car (he was coming home from work). I had to walk all the way home with my twins, with fresh shit dripping down my legs, and my husband and mom had to hose me off in the yard. —dionafloresa I was seeing a guy who was really into anal sex, but I hadn't tried it yet. He came over, and things started to get hot. My bowels instantly reacted to his penis up my butt, and I started pooping all over him. It got on his legs, privates, hands, everywhere. Luckily he's a nurse and had seen worse. We cleaned up and for some reason decided to go for round two. He used my vibrator on me, and as I was climaxing the same thing happened: I was pooping, but I didn't even know it. It was like water. Just liquid shit. Long story short: Never eat Chinese food before having anal sex for the first time. —quarterhorse411 My boyfriend and I were kayaking. I had already pooped twice that day, and we were about a mile down river when I immediately knew I had to take a massive shit. We were several miles from the end of our run, so I told my boyfriend we ha",health
"The Washington Free Beacon has fired one of its top reporters after discovering a “financial transaction” the reporter had with someone he covered, the site announced on Friday. The reporter, Bill Gertz, was recently accused of having worked on behalf of a Chinese billionaire who has been at the center of a recent high-profile legal dispute. On Friday, the Free Beacon’s leadership published a note saying that the site “recently learned that senior editor Bill Gertz entered into a previously undisclosed financial transaction with an individual or an affiliate of that individual whom Mr. Gertz had covered in some of his reporting.” Gertz was asked to resign, according to the note, and did so. This note has been attached to stories Gertz wrote about Guo Wengui, about whom he has regularly written over the last few years. The Free Beacon attached the note to stories Gertz wrote about Guo beginning in 2018. The note does not appear to be attached to Gertz’s stories that do not have to do with Guo. Also known as Miles Kwok, Guo is a Chinese real estate tycoon who has been involved in a Byzantine legal battle with a conservative firm he once hired to do research on people connected to the Chinese Communist Party, then sued for not delivering on their contract. The firm has in turn accused Guo’s team of seeding malware on its devices and of being not truly a dissident but a spy for Beijing (Guo later sued the Wall Street Journal and other news organizations for alleged defamation). Guo lives in New York and has been a vocal critic of the Chinese government, and has applied for asylum in the US. Gertz is mentioned several times in court documents connected to the case. The firm being sued by Guo, Strategic Vision, alleged in a counterclaim in July that after being cultivated by Guo, who has formed close relationships with American China hawks like former Breitbart News chair and White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, “Gertz and another Guo intermediary approached Strateg",politics
"The owners of meme-sharing app and site iFunny are making its volunteer moderators sign nondisclosure agreements after the arrests this month of two of its users for allegedly threatening mass violence on the platform. According to a copy of the NDA that BuzzFeed News received — which iFunny’s owners are calling a “Volunteer Confidentiality Agreement” — moderators would no longer be allowed to discuss the inner workings of the app. “Volunteer agrees not to use Confidential Information and/or Proprietary Data for the benefit of any other person, corporation or entity, other than the Principal, during the term of Volunteer’s work with Principal, or any time thereafter,” the agreement reads. A current moderator for iFunny told BuzzFeed News that the app’s owners have circulated the contracts in response to the press coverage about white nationalist extremists on the app. “They’re trying to make all of us sign an NDA to shut us up so we can’t expose them again,” the moderator said. On Aug. 11, authorities charged Justin Olsen, an 18-year-old Ohio man, with threatening a federal officer after he allegedly posted extensively on the app about mass shootings, specifically targeting Planned Parenthood. Following Olsen’s arrest, BuzzFeed News uncovered a network of white nationalists and neo-Nazis using the app. On Aug. 19, authorities charged 19-year-old Farhan Sheikh, another iFunny user, with threatening to attack an abortion clinic. Since the arrests, white extremists have remained on the app. An iFunny user, who asked to be referred to as S, told BuzzFeed News that users had doxed the FBI agent who arrested Olsen: “[He] had his info spread all over the app, phone number, address, etc.” S also said that he has seen other people using iFunny to threaten mass violence since Olsen’s arrest. The same week Sheikh was arrested, iFunny’s feature team promoted a post from a now-deleted user named “BurnLGBTFag.” iFunny has around 10 million monthly active users; prior to this mont",tech
"It's sleek, USB-shaped, and everywhere right now. Often called the iPhone of e-cigs, the Juul has become the It vape. The battery-powered device heats a liquid, which comes inside cartridges called Juul pods, into a vapor that you inhale. The pods are sold in flavors like mango or mint, and they deliver a hit of nicotine similar to a cigarette but without the burning or smoke — which also makes it easy to use the device indoors.  The Juul is intended to be a safer alternative to combustible cigarettes, but the qualities that make it attractive for adult smokers — the easy-to-use design, yummy flavors, and efficient nicotine delivery — have also made it a hit among young people, including those who weren't smokers originally. Research has shown that some teens may not even realize they're vaping nicotine. In 2018, the FDA declared youth vaping an ""epidemic"" and started cracking down on retailers selling the Juul to minors.  Nicotine is addictive no matter how you consume it — via a cigarette, snuff, vape, etc. However, some argue that Juul's patented nicotine salt formula — which provides a potent dose of nicotine but is supposedly less harsh on the throat — may make it particularly addictive. While the Juul may help adults switch from cigarettes, some experts worry that it could set up young people and nonsmokers for a lifelong nicotine addiction, BuzzFeed News previously reported. But what do people who use the Juul — and have tried to quit — actually think? Nicotine addiction is very real, and quitting can be a difficult and frustrating process. It can lead to nicotine withdrawal, which can include unpleasant emotional and physical symptoms. Some people may need to use nicotine replacement therapy (NCT) — such as gum, patches, or inhalers — to kick their habit for good.  In this post, you'll hear from people who use or used the Juul regularly, and what it is like trying to stop.  These stories do not represent all people who currently use or have used the Juul, an",science
"W.W. Jacobs published the short horror story ""The Monkey's Paw"" in 1902. It's still a banger, fusty Orientalism aside, over a century later — the source of endless adaptations, references, and parodies. In it, an older English couple come into possession of a grotesque keepsake (the titular paw) that grants three wishes in the most perverse possible way. They wish for £200, and that's the exact settlement their son's employer offers them after the young man is killed, horribly, at work the next day (""He was caught in the machinery,"" they're informed). Then, long days after the funeral, they wish him back to life, and something comes knocking at their door late that night. ""The Monkey's Paw"" is a ""be careful what you wish for"" classic. But if horror often operates by a moral calculus in which people get what they (allegedly) deserve, there's always been something intriguingly off-balance about what happens in Jacobs' story. His characters contend with such outsize ramifications for their pointedly modest aspirations — £200 is the amount left to pay off the family home. Their sin is not greed, which invites you to wonder what they are meant to be on the hook for. Do they suffer symbolically for some larger transgressions — maybe having to do with the industrialized economy that literally grinds their child in its gears, maybe, or the colonialism that results in the grotesque object, brought from India by an army friend, ending up in their cozy parlor? Two recent horror movies — Jordan Peele's Us and Kevin Kölsch and Dennis Widmyer's new Pet Sematary remake — can both be read as contemporary riffs on “The Monkey’s Paw.” They're movies about being terrorized by monsters who look like loved ones, but both play less like cautionary tales about people trying to thwart fate — the explicit lesson of Jacobs' work — and more as explorations of a deeper, more amorphous, and collective dread. These are stories in which the central characters face horrifying consequences for choi",reader
"This guy on Tinder who has a review of his sex performance as one of his profile pics: This person who started a conversation and, without being prompted, shared this: The person who posted this on Snapchat on Valentine's Day to let everyone know how much sex they'd be having. This guy who really played right into the meme that he's commenting on: This dude who seems to think sharing recent sexual activity is a salutation: This person who is too cool to play video games: This person's braggy ""bad habit:"" This person who could've just waited to text back but instead abruptly ended a conversation like this: This person who took a post about coffee and turned it into a conversation about how they have sex every morning: This guy who shared a photo of his typical day, which includes a subtle bag filled with condoms: This guy who already had sex that night, but just felt curious enough to reach out: This guy who has an IG model girlfriend (and has a lot of sex with her): This person who is in the market for new sheets but is basing their decision on how they hold up during sex: And finally, this person who snapped a destroyed bed frame that was supposedly, allegedly damaged during sex: H/T r/ihavesex",health
"WASHINGTON — A federal appeals court ruled Friday that President Donald Trump's accounting firm must comply with a congressional subpoena for the president's financial records, handing Trump the latest setback in his effort to stop House Democrats from gathering information about him in their impeachment inquiry. The US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit rejected Trump's argument that the House Oversight Committee lacked authority to issue a subpoena to the president's longtime accounting firm, Mazars USA LLP. ""Contrary to the President's arguments, the Committee possess authority under both the House Rules and the Constitution to issue the subpoena, and Mazars must comply,"" Judge David Tatel wrote in the 2–1 opinion. Trump could ask the full DC Circuit to reconsider the three-judge panel's decision, or skip that step and ask the US Supreme Court to take up the case now. The DC Circuit is where the bulk of legal challenges related to Congress's power to investigate the executive branch and the White House's ability to rebuff those efforts have historically played out. The appeals court's ruling on Friday will set precedent for lower court judges fielding congressional subpoena challenges going forward — assuming the full court or the Supreme Court don't reverse — although the case dealt specifically with a subpoena issued outside of impeachment proceedings, so it wasn't immediately clear how much it could affect future impeachment-related fights. It's the second loss for Trump in his bid to block the House Oversight Committee's subpoena to Mazars — a district court judge in Washington, DC, had ruled in May that the committee presented ""facially valid legislative purposes"" in issuing the demand for the president's financial records. The Mazars subpoena predates House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's announcement that Democrats were undertaking an investigation into whether the president committed impeachable offenses. Earlier in the case, Trump's lawyer had argued that the fa",politics
"In a further escalation of the ongoing trade war, President Donald Trump on Friday “ordered” American companies to find alternatives to manufacturing in China, including “bringing your companies HOME,” following that country's announcement of tariffs on imports of $75 billion of American goods. But President Trump has a major problem — companies aren’t planning on relocating their production to the United States. Nor does the president currently have the authority to order them. And the US companies that are leaving China aren’t headed for the Rust Belt, but for countries like Vietnam. “The idea that companies will just come back to the US is unrealistic,” Bethany Aronhalt, a spokesperson for the National Retail Federation, a retail industry lobby group, told BuzzFeed News. “Retailers and other importers could not easily or quickly switch to domestic sources, because they do not exist on the scale that would be needed. Even if there were to be an eventual switch to US sourcing, it would take years to build up a base to support it.” Beijing’s most recent tariffs are the latest action in a game of tit for tat begun by President Trump last year when he announced taxes on Chinese imports as punishment for allegedly stealing intellectual property from US companies. This month, the Trump administration announced it would impose a 10% tax on $300 billion worth of Chinese imports, which include iPhones, toys, footwear, and apparel. After China retaliated, Trump announced Friday evening he would increase the tariffs by an additional 5%. “The vast amounts of money made and stolen by China from the United States, year after year, for decades, will and must STOP,” tweeted Trump on Friday. “Our great American companies are hereby ordered to immediately start looking for an alternative to China, including bringing your companies HOME and making your products in the USA.” Business analysts dismissed the president’s tweets as bluster. “They’re not coming to the United States,” John",tech
"The woman went on an organized yoga retreat from January to April 2017, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).  Outside of her hotel in Rishikesh, India, she and another person on the retreat were bitten by the same puppy. She washed the wound with water but didn’t seek any other treatment. She returned home to Virginia, and about six weeks after the bite, started to have arm pain and numbness while gardening, according to a report in the CDC’s Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report. Three days later she went to an urgent care facility and was diagnosed with carpal tunnel syndrome and treated with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and a painkiller.  The next day, she went to the hospital with anxiety, insomnia, shortness of breath, and difficulty swallowing water. She was diagnosed with a panic attack and treated with an antianxiety drug. She continued to have feelings of claustrophobia, anxiety, and eventually chest pain, in addition to the numbness and pain in her right shoulder and arm. After abnormal blood tests for cardiac enzymes and an electrocardiogram, she had an emergency cardiac catheterization, which is a procedure in which a catheter is threaded through blood vessels and into the heart’s arteries to look for a possible blockage. However, her arteries were clear. She became agitated, combative, and was gasping for air while drinking water. The hospital staff started to suspect it was rabies and asked her family about any animal bites.  After other treatment attempts were unsuccessful, the family withdrew life support, and she died about 18 days after her symptoms first began, according to the CDC report. Health experts tracked down 250 people who came into contact with the woman before and after she died, including other people in the yoga retreat, emergency services personnel, hospital workers, and people at a funeral home.  In all, 72 people were offered treatment for possible rabies exposure with post-exposure prophylaxis",science
"Kimberly Bryant is on the phone with me, explaining why she recently hired a professional manager to help out with her 17-year-old son Marshal’s theater career, when she pauses. “We're at a venue and we're not sure where we're supposed to go,” she explains. “Hang on one second.” Then, to Marshal, “Who sent that email? Chris?” Her son’s voice is muffled in the background. “What did it say?” Bryant asks. “Outside the Cobb Energy Centre? This isn't the Cobb Energy Centre. We need to go across the street. The concert is not here.” And then she snaps back into our conversation. “Okay, sorry — what was I answering for you?” In addition to ferrying Marshal to shows, classes, and auditions, and working as a pastry chef for local Atlanta celebrities, Bryant, 38, runs the Momager Lifestyle, a website dedicated to offering advice to parents of aspiring performers, covering everything from what types of work permits minors need in different states to how to maintain your own career while you’re also managing your child’s. Bryan is quick to clarify that she and her readers are not stage mothers: “I'm not an overbearing stage mom. I am not that woman,” she says. She uses the word “momager” to describe herself because, well, she’s managing her son’s schedule the way any other parent might — it’s just that Marshal’s schedule includes professional obligations in addition to friends’ birthday parties and SAT prep courses. And so Bryant’s work as a mom has by necessity become semiprofessional too. Kris Jenner popularized the word “momager” when she and her family debuted their reality show Keeping Up With the Kardashians in 2007; in 2019 she actually trademarked the term. Proclaiming herself a momager was a smart piece of branding on Kris’s part: While most women share Bryant’s disdain for the term “stage mom,” “momager” hasn’t yet been weighed down by so many negative connotations. It still sounds cutely nonthreatening. Momaging, especially the way Jenner does it, is all about turnin",reader
"She is one of about 20 women in the United States that have had a child from this procedure. Dr. Rothman is most famous for being the first to do a postmortem sperm retrieval back in the 1970s. Mercedes is a 25-year-old mother and she had her child through a procedure called postmortem sperm retrieval: She and her husband had planned on having a family before his life was cut short by a tragic car accident. Because he was in the military, Mercedes' husband had always thought there was the possibility that his line of work could kill him. So, when he was just 23, he brought up the idea of cryopreservation of his tissue. Mercedes thought they were too young to be thinking about that, but he wrote a page of his wishes and signed and dated it. The legalities of postmortem sperm retrieval are complicated. But, the gist is that yes. You can do it. And so, Mercedes called several doctors (who all turned her down) and eventually found Dr. Cappy Rothman who agreed to do the procedure. When he first developed the procedure in the '70s, Dr. Rothman figured there were three options to do postmortem sperm retrieval: 1) inject the spinal column with neostigmine to cause the body to spasm and maybe ejaculate; 2) remove all of the tissue where sperm reside; or 3) to manually stimulate. So, with Rothman's help retrieving her dead husband's sperm, Mercedes was able to get pregnant and gave birth to a healthy baby boy in Sept. 2016 — one year after his death. ""He does a lot of little gestures that would remind me of my husband. His personality is exactly like his.""",health
"MINNEAPOLIS — In his first rally since becoming the target of an impeachment inquiry, President Donald Trump launched scathing personal attacks on everyone from Joe Biden and his son to Ilhan Omar, as he whipped up a crowd of loyal supporters by focusing them on individual hatreds. The Trump campaign flashed images of Omar, the Democratic member of Congress from Minnesota, on huge screens that hung from the top of the Target Center in Minneapolis, as Trump raged against her in her home state. The crowd responded with raucous boos. Trump has refused to take part in the impeachment inquiry, launched by House Democrats last month. He has tweeted almost endlessly since, but Thursday was his first chance to speak directly to a loyal crowd, at times off-script, something that energizes him. He was due to hold a second, more hastily planned, rally in Louisiana on Friday. “You know, I know you people, I know you people. I know the people of Minnesota. And I want to tell you, and I also at the same time, it's both a question and a statement: How the hell did that ever happened? How did it happen?” he said to the 19,000-capacity arena, speaking of Omar’s election last year. He repeated a litany of accusations against Omar, often echoed by Fox News and other right-wing media, including that she minimized the Sept. 11 attacks and misrepresented her marriage. “How do you have such a person representing you in Minnesota? I'm very angry at you people right now. She is a disgrace to our country and she is one of the big reasons that I'm going to win and the Republican Party is going to win Minnesota in 13 months,” Trump said. Trump lost Minnesota by just 44,000 votes in 2016 and his campaign is making a big push for the state ahead of 2020. The almost entirely white crowd responded with deafening boos when Trump said, “As you know, for many years, leaders in Washington brought large numbers of refugees to your state from Somalia.” He then said he had “reduced refugee resettlement b",politics
"An arm of the Justice Department regularly sent summaries and links to articles from an online white nationalist publication over the last year, a BuzzFeed News investigation has found. In addition, similar newsletters sent to the Labor Department, ICE, HUD, and the Department of Homeland Security included links and content from hyperpartisan and conspiracy-oriented publishers. In daily bulletins about media coverage for the department’s Executive Office for Immigration Review, which runs the nation’s immigration courts, a government contractor sometimes included links to VDare, an anti-Semitic and racist site whose editor has claimed that American culture is under threat from nonwhite peoples. That contractor, a Dade City, Florida–based company called TechMIS, also compiles newsletters for other agencies, including the Department of Labor, US Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and the Office of Housing and Urban Development. While these newsletters typically shared articles from local and mainstream national news outlets — including BuzzFeed News — they also regularly delivered content from partisan publications touting anti-immigration rhetoric and conspiracy theories. Among these publications: the Western Journal, a hyperpartisan publisher whose founder once questioned if then-presidential candidate Barack Obama was Muslim, and the Epoch Times, a newspaper associated with the Chinese Falun Gong movement and whose related media properties have backed QAnon, a conspiracy theory claiming a group of high-ranking officials known as the “Deep State” is subverting President Donald Trump’s goals. On Thursday, BuzzFeed News reported that an immigration judges union sent a letter of complaint to EOIR for its inclusion in an August newsletter of a VDare blog post that attacked its members with anti-Semitic slurs. After publication of that story, an EOIR press secretary said that the Department of Justice “condemns Anti-Semitism in the strongest terms” and that the post sh",tech
"What exactly is Dry January? That's when you swear off drinking for the month, sort of like a mini New Year's resolution. It got its start as a public health campaign started by the UK-based charity Alcohol Concern UK in 2012.  The group says that over 100,000 people signed up for Dry January in 2018 and 4 million took part, and the trend seems to be gaining in popularity each year. So why do people do Dry January? For some it's a way to cut back after drinking more than the usual amount of alcohol over the holidays. For others, it's more like a test of will — is it doable? Still others suspect they might have a problematic relationship with alcohol and want to find out if that's true. If you are doing a Dry January, or thinking about it, here's everything you need to know about having an alcohol-free month. In an online survey funded by Alcohol Concern UK, a University of Sussex researcher asked people who registered for Dry January in 2018 about their drinking habits at the time of registration, the first week in February, and in August.  About 800 people responded in August, and they said their drinking after January fell from an average of 4.3 drinks per week to 3.3 drinks per week. They also drank less per drinking session — 7.1 drinks compared to 8.6 before doing Dry January. And they said they got drunk less often — an average of 2.1 times per month compared with 3.4 times per month. The survey included people who attempted Dry January, but did not necessarily abstain for the entire month. Picture this — you're at the bar with your friends, getting your bills. While everyone fishes out their credit cards, you slap down $10 for a couple of sodas and a nice tip. It's a nice feeling. In the online survey, 88% of people said they saved money. Nice! Dr. George F. Koob is the director of the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism. He told BuzzFeed News that you should pay attention to how your body feels during the month, because it will tell you a lot ",science
"When Nipsey Hussle dropped his 2013 mixtape, Crenshaw, I was teetering toward depression while cooped up in my dismal bedroom on the other side of the world. That summer I’d moved to Shenzhen, China, to teach for a year, and Nipsey’s cooly assured voice was one of the only things that could curb my aching yearning to be home. Where I’m from in Philadelphia, the blocks aren’t lined with palm trees and it isn’t eternally summer like in some of the South Central LA enclaves that Nipsey rapped about. But his lyrical portraits of his city were affirming as I longed for mine. The unpretentious storytelling about his origins, life experiences, and the systems that informed them left an indelible impression. His ability to connect through his authenticity made him seem like a friend or a favorite wise cousin — and that’s why his passing feels so unbelievably raw to me. Nipsey, who as we now know, was shot in broad daylight outside his store in LA on Sunday evening, had causes he’d undoubtedly sacrificed a lot for. But I can’t accept that he was supposed to go the way that he did. Over nothing. I know I’m not God, and even though I believe in one, I can’t wrap my mind around divine order being involved in such a heinous departure. But as so many of us stumble through this heavy mourning, the stories Nipsey left behind illuminate his essence and legacy. In November 2014, five months after I’d moved from China to New York, a friend had an extra ticket to a YG and Nipsey Hussle concert that night and she’d wanted me to come. I obviously assented, and as the packed Midtown theater formed into what felt like a massive cloud of weed smoke, Nipsey strolled out from stage right to cheers from the crowd. He was wearing a sheened black fur coat, had his hair in pristine cornrows, and wore a crop circle–shaped arrangement of thick, 14-karat gold Cuban links around his neck. He was regal. It’s a strange, sad coincidence that the song he opened with that night ended up being the one I cr",reader
"The head of the US National Institutes of Health, Francis Collins, on Wednesday endorsed an international halt to the genetic engineering of babies for the next five years. The NIH endorsement of a “designer baby” moratorium follows the November announcement by biophysicist He Jiankui, of China’s Southern University of Science and Technology, that he had genetically engineered two twin girls. The news sparked condemnation from scientists and promises from the Chinese government that the scientist would be “sternly dealt with.” “An international moratorium should be put into effect immediately,” Collins said in a statement about a moratorium proposal published by an international group of scientists today in Nature. The risks to children from such experiments, and fear that possibly dangerous genes will be dealt to future generations this way, outweigh the benefits of removing disease-linked genes from babies, they argued. Dr. He used a gene-edited method called CRISPR on the twins, as well as a reported second pregnancy, to disable an HIV-susceptibility gene. Some scientists, such as Eric Topol of the Scripps Research Translational Institute, have raised concerns about potential unintended effects of the gene edits on the twins, named LuLu and Nana. The call for a moratorium on genetic modification of human sperm, eggs, or embryos was made by 18 scientists from seven countries led by MIT and Harvard Medical School professor Eric Lander. They are asking countries worldwide to voluntarily pledge not to approve such genetic editing unless questions about safety are answered. Topol, who was not part of the group, endorses the effort. Reckless gene editing, he told BuzzFeed News, “has significant implications for the human species — and it’s hard to get more serious or far-reaching than that.” Topol is worried, however, that China’s CRISPR twins may have already opened the door to more dangerous experiments. “My concern is whether it will be effective, since we saw a rog",health
"WASHINGTON — Members of Congress want the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency to stop building training facilities for its officials modeled after US cities, they wrote in a new letter obtained by BuzzFeed News. The government is due to pay $961,347.75 to Strategic Operations — a manufacturer of tactical training products run by a former TV and film producer — to duplicate neighborhoods of Chicago and cities in Arizona for ICE tactical training. The company will use “hyper-realistic” designs to simulate houses, apartments, hotels, commercial buildings, and government facilities, according to a government document. The new training facility — to be built in Fort Benning, Georgia, at the Department of Homeland Security’s 182,000-acre facility — has alarmed some members of Congress who represent the areas being replicated. Rep. Jesús García of Chicago will send a letter to ICE’s acting director requesting the government agency rescind contracts to build the military-style facilities, citing “deep concerns” about a facility modeled after areas in his district. “Military training will result in agents defining my neighbors as the ‘enemy’, and harden them to the inhumanity of ripping mothers and fathers from their children,” García told BuzzFeed in an email. “This decision is nothing short of a declaration of war on our neighborhoods and violates our core American values.” The letter is signed by seven other members of Congress, including Illinois Reps. Danny Davis, Mike Quigley, Bill Foster, Bobby Rush, and Jan Schakowsky. Arizona Reps. Ruben Gallego and Raúl Grijalva also signed on, calling the training facility “a waste of tax-payer dollars” that betrays the public’s trust. “Imagine copies of Chicago homes from my neighborhood sitting in a warehouse on a military base — built with details like toys in the yard and dishes on the kitchen table,” García said. “This has nothing to do with security, and everything to do with the Republican anti-immigrant agenda to no",politics
"Why did so many people share such a seemingly absurd declaration on Instagram this week, announcing their images to be personal property out of fear that the social platform would be reposting old and deleted photos? Posting the chain letter masquerading as a legal statement would apparently protect people from being commercially exploited by the Facebook-owned platform, and it was shared widely by everyone from regular users to A-list celebrities and even a sitting cabinet secretary. Like so many urban myths that circulate online, there’s a strange kind of truth lurking beneath the absurdity. The people posting this pseudo-legal declaration seem to believe that they are in a two-way dialogue with the social media platforms that depend on them. But the opposite is true. In reality, only companies like Facebook and Instagram can unilaterally change the legal relationship between them and their users, at any time, with nothing more than a quick posting of some seemingly ridiculous lawyer language. Once that declaration is posted by the companies, users have two options: agree or leave. It’s not entirely surprising that some people might think this is a two-way street: that maybe the people running a site like Instagram will “read” their posts and somehow be just as obliged to live by the contracts posted there. They’re not, of course. And the average Instagrammer has about as much ability to negotiate contract terms with the social media giant as they do with their bank or insurance company. And “agree or leave” applies to much more than just the terms of service: They’re the only choices any of us have when confronting the various failures and abuses of Silicon Valley, from its enabling of disinformation and hate speech to its fumbling response to widespread harassment and incitement. Whether it is the work of domestic trolls or hostile foreign interests, disinformation campaigns have spread like viral hoaxes, and they have had serious social impact. Social media has",tech
"Apparently, there’s nothing my body loves more than starting a new year off by coming down with the flu. Last January, I stayed in bed for almost two weeks, and it did weird things to my head: I was sick and bored and actually angry at my body. I devoted so much headspace to feeling weak and pathetic that I started to give in to the fear that maybe I was a weak and pathetic person. Even when I started to regain my energy, I couldn’t bring myself to hit the gym or even venture outside for a brisk, mind-clearing walk. I knew I needed to quiet my mind. So instead, I turned to my favorite yoga class — or I should say yoga videos on YouTube: Yoga With Adriene. I first came across Yoga With Adriene when I moved to New York a few years ago. I remember feeling freaked out by the cultish commitment my athletic friends and new coworkers had for fancy, expensive-sounding workout classes and boutique fitness studios. As someone who had never done a pull-up in my life, I couldn’t imagine having the time, money, or overall athletic skill to have that kind of routine.So, I signed up for a $30-a-month budget gym around the corner, but even there, I was too intimidated to use anything but the most accessible-looking treadmill. That’s why, when I was mindlessly searching on YouTube one day, it was so alluring to think about trying this whole yoga thing from the safety of my 7-by-10 bedroom. After watching my first yoga video, reassuringly titled Yoga For Complete Beginners, I immediately ordered a yoga mat online. I was hooked. Here was an extremely doable set of mostly stretching moves that even I could handle. What’s more, I didn’t have to deal with a punitive reservation system or judgy gym rats to do it. I could figure out how to move my body without feeling idiotic, embarrassed, or overextended. The instructor, Adriene Mishler, had a Leighton Meester–like grin and calming, ASMR-y voice that sometimes delightfully lapsed into a Texan twang when she went off-script. She was a welc",science
"I’ve had a thing for Sandra Oh since my parents took my sister and me to see Sideways in 2004. I remember watching her use her motorcycle helmet to hit a man before hopping on her bike, yelling “fuckface,” and driving away. She’s straight in that movie, but she also has kind of a biker aesthetic that gives her a queer appeal. So when a friend described the first season of the BBC America show Killing Eve as “gay” — and I learned the show starred Sandra Oh — that was enough to get me hooked. As it turned out, Killing Eve — the second season of which premieres this Sunday — is certainly a queer show, but Eve herself (played by Oh) doesn’t really reveal her sexuality during the first season; she might even still be questioning it herself. That’s partly because sexual desire is hardly Eve’s driving motivation. During the first episode, she’s called into work on a Saturday to learn about a peculiar assassination. Eve becomes obsessed with the assassin’s artful methods — so obsessed, in fact, that she forgets about dinner, and later that evening, forgets to have sex with her husband 30 seconds after suggesting it. This obsession — with an assassin whom she hasn’t ever seen — is the beginning of the “love story” that drives the series. We soon learn that the killer is a porcelain-skinned young Russian woman who calls herself Villanelle (Jodie Comer). Villanelle and Eve’s actual physical encounters are fleeting, but the two are always trying to find each other. Villanelle, after catching a glimpse of Eve in a bathroom, seeks out other curly-haired older women to satisfy her sexual urges until she can get the real thing. Unlike Eve, Villanelle is very aware of and attentive to her physical needs; she thrives off of sex, couture, sweets, champagne, and seeing the life drain from the eyes of her victims. The uniquely weird and layered relationship between these two women was enough to keep me captivated, even as it seemed less and less likely that it would culminate with a gay",reader
"Under a new settlement with the federal government, a Texas compounding pharmacy will be allowed to stay in business under certain conditions after it allegedly made an eye injection that partially blinded at least 68 patients. As BuzzFeed News reported in September, the patients say that the company, Guardian Pharmacy Services, made a faulty, knockoff version of a drug called TriMoxi, which was injected into their eyeballs as part of routine cataract surgeries in late 2016 and early 2017. They say they were told that the medication would speed up healing, when in fact it irreversibly damaged their vision. The patients’ injuries underscored the relatively little regulation that holds compounding pharmacies accountable, despite recent efforts to strengthen federal oversight. On Monday, a federal court in Texas ordered Guardian to stop producing compounded sterile drugs until it complies with the federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and other requirements. The company must also pay the costs of the FDA’s future efforts to ensure that it is complying. In a March 6 complaint, the Department of Justice found that Guardian had committed multiple safety violations, ranging from having unclean lab environments to mislabeling drugs to failing to have required patient prescriptions. Despite making multiple promises to correct these problems as early as November 2017, the compounder continued to violate the law. (It is not related to another pharmacy with the same name, which is headquartered in Atlanta but has a branch in the Dallas area.) Without admitting or denying wrongdoing, Guardian agreed to the DOJ settlement, which will be in effect for at least five years. It states that the company can produce sterile drugs once it brings its manufacturing processes into compliance; establishes safeguards to prevent future contamination; and hires an independent expert to verify that it has fixed its mistakes and to periodically audit its facility. The court agreement does not esti",health
"KYIV — In the eyes of Donald Trump, the ambassador to Ukraine was disloyal, badmouthed him behind his back, and obstructed his efforts to dig up dirt on Joe Biden. Or at least that’s what a lawyer working for Trump, Rudy Giuliani, and his allies were telling him. The ambassador was standing in the way, they said. So when Trump recalled Marie Yovanovitch from Kyiv in May, it raised questions about whether political pressure had been brought to bear against a career diplomat who had a reputation for honesty among those who worked with her. Yovanovitch and the circumstances surrounding her ouster could be key to the House Democrats’ formal impeachment inquiry against Trump, which was prompted by a whistleblower alleging the president had abused his power when he pressured his Ukrainian counterpart, Volodymyr Zelensky, in a July 25 phone call to pursue investigations into the activities of Biden and his son Hunter. The whistleblower cited the recall of Yovanovitch as one of a number of worrying events leading up to Trump’s call with Zelensky. Several current and former State Department officials who worked for years with Yovanovitch told BuzzFeed News they believed her removal from the post — two months ahead of her scheduled departure — was directly connected to pressure from the White House. But they said the allegations leveled by Giuliani and other Trump allies were unfounded, and instead described a three-time ambassador who remained professional and loyal — even as some colleagues hoped she would take a stance against an administration they feared would alter longstanding US policy toward Ukraine. “I never heard her say anything pejorative or derogatory about the president,” said one current US diplomat who had worked closely with Yovanovitch in Kyiv and spoke on condition of anonymity out of fear of professional retaliation. “She was very careful to remain as apolitical as is possible,” said another current US diplomat who had worked with Yovanovitch in Kyiv and ",politics
"In 2018, Facebook announced a partnership to provide data to academics to “help people better understand the broader impact of social media on democracy — as well as improve our work to protect the integrity of elections.” In April of this year, the first batch of winning proposals was announced. “The urgency of this research cannot be overstated,” wrote the founders of Social Science One, the entity that operates the program. It describes itself as ""an LLC operating on a not-for-profit basis."" But as of today, many of the academic teams remain on hold because Facebook has yet to provide key data required to conduct research into sharing patterns of fake and polarized news, among other projects. Facebook has also declined to provide some of the data it originally said it would offer, citing privacy concerns. As frustrations mount, researchers and the major foundations that fund their work fear that the ambitious project may not survive, multiple people told BuzzFeed News. A source with knowledge of discussions between the key parties involved in the project said the funders — which include the Laura and John Arnold Foundation, the Children’s Investment Fund Foundation, the Democracy Fund, the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, the Charles Koch Foundation, Omidyar Network, and the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation — are now discussing ways to increase the pressure on the social media giant. “[Facebook has] definitely thrown major talent at the issue; but ultimately, the proof is in whether we ever get to eat the pudding,” David Lazer, a distinguished professor of political science and computer and information science at Northeastern University, and one of the researchers due to receive Facebook data, told BuzzFeed News. The Social Science One partnership is one of several major initiatives Facebook launched in the wake of election interference, platform manipulation, and data breaches over the past two and a half years. Multipl",tech
"China space officials reported the first soft landing of a spacecraft on the far side of the moon on Wednesday, in a triumph for its growing space industry. Launched in December, the Chang'e 4 spacecraft (named after the Chinese lunar goddess) landed in the 8-mile-deep Von Kármán crater in the Antarctic–Aitken Basin on the back of the moon after an 11-minute descent from a low orbit, 9 miles above the moon. The first soft landing of a spacecraft and the relay of its messages ""opened a new chapter in human lunar exploration,"" said a Chinese space agency statement. ""China National Space Administration is willing to cooperate with space agencies, space science research institutions and foreign space science enthusiasts from all over the world to explore the mysteries of the universe."" After landing, the spacecraft released a solar-powered rover, called Yutu 2, to explore the basin. The rover will search for rocks from the moon's deeper mantle that were spewed out in the ancient collision that created the crater. Scientists hope these rocks will answer questions about the geology of the moon's interior. Other instruments will measure incoming space radiation on the far side of the moon, which is shielded from radio signal interference from Earth. The far side of the moon is tidally locked to always face away from the Earth, and is even more cratered than the near side. Because the Chang'e 4 will never face Earth, mission controllers have to relay commands through the ""Bridge Bay"" communications satellite that China placed into a high orbit in June. The far side of the moon as seen from the lander.",science
"In my pursuit of modern Rasputins — powerful behind-the-scenes operators — I’ve traveled from Tijuana, Mexico to St. Petersburg, Russia to Foxborough, Massachusetts — and, at one point, to West Hollywood, to the inner sanctum of a lovely ivy-covered town- house with a big black door and a small black plaque reading, in gold lettering, “Believe.” These are the offices of SB Projects. This is where Scooter Braun, the man who gave the world the pop star Justin Bieber, does his work. Still shy of 40, Braun is the most famous manager in the industry. And he’s well-protected. To get to this precipice, I went through two rounds of off-the-record vetting with Braun, first on the phone, then in person (I got the feeling Braun wanted to look me in the eyes). Months passed. I pushed and pressed and pleaded and, finally, was granted an invite. My first wait on the morning of our scheduled appointment is at the front reception desk, looking out at the office’s lovely pin- striped wallpaper and framed portraits of clients past and present (Kanye looking pensive; Justin in a tree). Then I’m ushered, through a courtyard strung with Christmas lights and dotted with potted Valencia orange trees, to a second, higher-priority reception desk. Finally, I’m taken into Braun’s sprawling personal office. I sink into the couch and, waiting for his arrival, look around the room. Behind a wide wooden desk a frame holds four words: “Imagine,” “Create,” “Execute,” “Deliver.” Another frame holds the phrase “We used the stars to guide us home.” On the wall in front of me is a huge spread of small black-and-white photos. There are portraits of Scooter locked in an embrace with his wife and of Scooter locked in an embrace with Whoopi Goldberg. He comes in on the phone, mouthing his apologies. He’s in a hoodie, a dad hat, and sweats. On his feet are a pair of the very rare semi-frozen-yellow Yeezys. He appears to be dictating for a client a response to some negative press coverage. “So what you wanna",reader
"Salt had always been a fundamental part of Mallory Smith’s life. Like all babies born with cystic fibrosis, Mallory had inherited two defective copies of a gene responsible for balancing the salt and water in sweat. The disease caused a thick mucus to form in her lungs, trapping bacteria and triggering infections, and leaving her skin a little salty. Salt, she knew, would eventually cut her life short: The average life expectancy of a person with cystic fibrosis in the US is just 38 years. As she wrote in her diary shortly before she died at age 25, “My disease erodes the life blueprint I drew as a kid.” Her mom, Diane Shader Smith, told BuzzFeed News that early on in Mallory’s life, she and her husband, Mark, decided to push for “a sense of normalcy,” despite frequent doctor visits and a shifting cocktail of antibiotics to quell the infections that would flare up in her lungs. Part of this turned out to involve more salt: When Mallory was a toddler, Mark read a scientific paper about inhaled saltwater’s positive effects in clearing the mucus in the lungs. So the family began taking regular vacations to Hawaii, where Mallory became an avid surfer. At home in Los Angeles, tumbling in the waves of the Pacific Ocean, she found it easier to breathe. That sense of normalcy, her parents said, extended into her life as a young woman with big dreams. She went to college at Stanford, where she played club volleyball and studied biology. During this time, she also kept diaries to chronicle not only her love life and frustrations at school, but dozens of long hospital stays and her ever-deteriorating health. When Mallory was 24, an infection in her lungs caused by a bacteria called Burkholderia cepacia became resistant to all of the antibiotics available to treat it, turning into what’s known as a “superbug.” In September 2017, she was lucky enough to get a double-lung transplant. When Mallory’s new lungs became reinfected with B. cepacia, Mallory’s parents pushed her doctors ",health
"WASHINGTON — Lev Parnas and Igor Fruman, two key figures in House Democrats' impeachment inquiry who worked with Rudy Giuliani in an effort to gather damaging information about Joe Biden, were arrested as they were about to board a plane at Dulles airport near Washington, DC, a spokesperson for the US attorney's office in Manhattan confirmed Thursday morning. The two men were charged with conspiring to skirt federal laws that prohibit foreign nationals from contributing to US campaigns, according to the indictment, which was first published by the New York Times. They're accused of entering into ""secret agreements"" to hide the scheme from candidates and federal regulators, laundering foreign money into the campaigns through various corporate identities, and using ""straw donors"" to make the contributions. The indictment does not name Giuliani or President Donald Trump, and doesn't directly refer to efforts by Parnas and Fruman to convince Ukrainian prosecutors to probe unsubstantiated claims that Biden improperly used his position as vice president to oust a Ukrainian prosecutor who had investigated a company where Biden's son Hunter Biden was a board member. The charging papers did say that at one point they had lobbied a member of Congress at the request of ""one or more Ukrainian officials."" Parnas and Fruman had one-way tickets to fly out of the US, and were arrested at Dulles airport at around 6 p.m. on Wednesday night, US Attorney for the Southern District of New York Geoffrey Berman told reporters Thursday afternoon. The Wall Street Journal reported that they had planned to fly to Vienna, Austria. ""As alleged in the indictment, the defendants broke the law to gain political influence while avoiding disclosure of who was actually making the donations and where the money was coming from,"" Berman said. ""They sought political influence not only to advance their own financial interests, but to advance the political interests of at least one foreign official, a Ukrai",politics
"Lots of people are suddenly predicting that a recession is coming. President Donald Trump's in a trade war with China, the stock market is shaky, and the yield curve was briefly inverted — whatever that means. (It means interest rates on short-term bonds were better than rates on long-term bonds, signaling that investors are not confident about the economic outlook.) OK, sure! If you have no grown-up memory of going through one, you might wonder, what IS A RECESSION, EVEN? And why are people scared? And when the recession comes, what will it be like? What is all this quasi-practical advice being flung around about paying down my loans now and updating my résumé for jobs I’m not even immediately applying for? You’re certainly not alone: About 40 million American adults (a lot!) haven’t experienced a recession since they started working, and these are big and valid questions. We’re here to help. BuzzFeed News spoke to New York University’s Mark Gertler and Stanford’s Pete Klenow, directors of the Economic Fluctuations and Growth Program at the National Bureau of Economic Research, the research organization that officially dates recessions, about what to expect — whenever it happens. One of their most poignant observations: Many young people’s career development is stunted during a recession, and they can experience the effects years after the recession ends. Here’s what we learned. On the broadest level, a recession is a sustained shrinking of the economy. Specifically, “a significant decline in economic activity spread across the economy, lasting more than a few months, normally visible in real GDP, real income, employment, industrial production, and wholesale-retail sales,” according to NBER. The last recession, usually called the Great Recession, was a huge one — abnormally big, in fact. Lasting from December 2007 to June 2009, it was a period of decline not just in the US but around the globe. It was the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. Ten years",tech
"The space flyby of the most distant object ever seen up close by humanity has sent back new images of Ultima Thule, a comet belt inhabitant leftover from the early solar system. NASA's New Horizons spacecraft flew past the tiny frozen world called 2014 MU69, or Ultima Thule, early on Tuesday morning. Only 22 miles wide at most, Ultima Thule spins in the comet belt some 4 billion miles from the sun. ""What this spacecraft and this team has accomplished is unprecedented,"" mission principal investigator Alan Stern of the Southwest Research Institute (SwRI) said in a briefing on the 32,000 mph flyby. The new images reveal Ultima Thule is the first ""contact binary"" ever seen up close in the comet belt, a double-lobed comet built of two snowballs gently wedded together that rotates once every 15 hours. ""That bowling pin is gone. It's a snowman!"" Stern said. A signal from the probe takes more than 6 hours to return to Earth, necessitating a slow return of images from the flyby. High-resolution pictures are expected in February, and they should answer questions about how comets first formed some 4.5 billion years ago, whether in dramatic collisions or as loose collections of icy bodies. The double-lobed shape of Ultima Thule argues for slow agglomerations of icy objects as the construction method for the earliest building blocks of planets, rather than violent smashups, said mission scientist Jeff Moore of NASA's Ames Research Center. ""We can say Ultima Thule is red,"" said SwRI mission scientist Carly Howett. However, the team has not seen any craters in the tiny world yet. On Thursday, New Horizons scientists released an updated stereo view of Ultima Thule meant for viewing with 3-D glasses, as well as a short video clip showing its rotational motion as seen from the spacecraft. The team is already looking for another such object to flyby in coming years, according to Stern, with plenty of fuel left to the mission.  Images and comments from Thursday's New Horizons news conf",science
"Last month, we asked BuzzFeed Book Club members to share their favorite dystopian books, in honor of our March selection, The Water Cure by Sophie Mackintosh. Here are the books that got the most love: When Titus heads out to the moon for spring break, he's hoping for a week of partying and blowing off steam. Those plans are compromised when a hacker infiltrates his ""feed"" and he winds up in the hospital — alongside a girl named Violet, who isn't such a fan of the government-controlled feed anyway. Promising review: ""I loved Feed. I identified with Violet, who just couldn't fit into the world of her peers. I felt sorry for Titus, who wanted to support Violet but also wanted to fit in. And I despised the 'feed' and its constant assault on what makes us truly human. This is a terrific novel which needs to be read and discussed."" —Kathy Cunningham (Amazon) On Transition Day in the Fates Republic, the second child of every family is taken by the government and forced to serve the elite firstborns or join the army. When Roselle St. Sismode is called into the military, all eyes are on her — her mother's elite status has made her something of a celebrity — which means her decision to spare the life of an enemy is seen and judged by all. Promising review: ""I LOVED this book!!!! It enthralled me. It swept me away. I read it in one sitting. Roselle is a no nonsense heroine who doesn't really follow anything or anyone but her own convictions. The science fiction world is exceptionally well developed and interesting, and while the plot up to 50% was good, the plot after 50% blew me away."" —Gingerbread (Amazon) In a post-apocalyptic Utah, a monk of the Order of Saint Leibowitz discovers ancient relics seemingly from the life of Leibowitz himself — and through these artifacts, which illuminate the kind of life Leibowitz led in his fallout shelter, the monks start to understand where and how mankind went so wrong so many years ago. Promising review: ""Set in the distant future, thi",reader
,health
"Julián Castro, the former housing secretary now running for president, wants to use an executive order to prevent federally funded child welfare agencies from turning away LGBTQ people who want to foster or adopt children. Castro’s child welfare plan, released ahead of the Human Rights Campaign’s LGBTQ-focused presidential forum in Los Angeles, seeks to strengthen Obama-era regulations against turning away potential foster parents on the basis of religion, sexual orientation, and gender identity. After issuing an executive order, Castro said he would push to enact a similar bill that’s already been introduced in Congress to reinforce antidiscrimination protections for people fostering and adopting, along with the Equality Act, which aims to explicitly and broadly prohibit discrimination against LGBTQ people. The Trump administration has made moves toward walking back that regulation. In January, the federal department of Health and Human Services granted a waiver to a Christian ministry in South Carolina allowing it to receive federal funding and remain in the public child welfare system while working only with Christian families. In May, the administration was considering rescinding entirely the Obama-era protections, which bars groups deemed to discriminate on the basis of religion from receiving federal funds, or adding language that would exclude religious organizations from having to abide by the rules. Those moves have been echoed in other areas by the administration, too — two married same-sex couples are currently suing the State Department after they were told that their children born overseas are not entitled to birthright citizenship because they were considered to have been born “out of wedlock.” “This is state-sponsored discrimination that will not be enabled by federal funding. Not only are these policies bigoted, but they also exacerbate the shortage of foster families,” Castro wrote in a Medium post on Thursday. Only five states have laws that stop c",politics
"Secretary Rick Perry, the man tasked with overseeing America's vast nuclear arsenal in his capacity as head of the Department of Energy, fell victim to a hoax on Instagram on Tuesday. In what is essentially the Instagram version of forwarding a chain email, the former Texas governor, 69, reposted a screenshot of a message falsely claiming the social media company was changing its privacy policy and would make public all users' posts, including deleted messages. It also suggested the company could somehow ""use your photos."" The message also falsely claimed that any Instagram user who objected to the change could repost the message in order to stop the company. ""With this statement, I give notice to Instagram it is strictly forbidden to disclose, copy, distribute, or take any other action against me based on this profile and/or its contents,"" the message read. ""Instagram DOES NOT HAVE MY PERMISSION TO SHARE PHOTOS OR MESSAGES,"" it ended. [Related: What to Do If the Older People in Your Life Are Sharing False or Extreme Content] The message was posted to his personal account, @governorperry, as well as his Twitter account. He also has a separate account, @secretaryperry, to showcase his official government work with the Energy Department. A spokesperson for Facebook, Instagram's parent company, told BuzzFeed News, ""There’s no truth to this post."" Variations of this hoax have gone viral over the years in connection with different social platforms. As far back as 2012, an almost identical message — complete with the same reference to a nonexistent ""Channel 13 News"" report — went viral about Facebook, prompting the company to publicly debunk the ""copyright meme"": There is a rumor circulating that Facebook is making a change related to ownership of users' information or the content they post to the site. This is false. Anyone who uses Facebook owns and controls the content and information they post, as stated in our terms. They control how that content and information is s",tech
"What exactly is diet culture? It's an insidious and pervasive way of thinking about body size that assigns a moral virtue to some types of bodies (namely smaller) and types of food, but not others.  Food becomes ""good"" or ""bad"" and eating certain kinds will trigger negative feelings, like guilt and regret (or so diet culture would have it).  People are reduced to body parts that need to be ""fixed"" rather than whole, beautiful people. Food is turned into a collection of calories to largely be avoided. And exercise becomes a tool to try achieve an often unattainable body type rather than something joyful or empowering. If you're hoping to get fit in the new year, that's great! There's nothing inherently wrong with wanting to change your body or feel better. But keep in mind that diet culture can perpetuate awful messages about weight, diet, wellness, and how we should feel about our bodies. In 2019, let's all just say ""no thanks"" to diet culture. The following phrases aren't doing you, or anyone else, any good. They can be harmful in terms of how you feel about your body or affect the people around you, especially children and teens who are still forming a relationship with food. Fat isn't a feeling. It's a description. Some people even describe themselves as fat in an empowering way.  When you say, ""I feel fat,"" when you really mean you feel bad, or gross, you're saying that being fat is inherently bad or gross. And that's not very kind either to yourself or to others. If what you really mean is ""I feel like I've gained weight,"" consider that diet culture wants you to feel as bad as possible about it. So don't let it. Take a breath, remember that weight gain isn't the end of the world, and decide how you want to address it, if at all. Instead, try: ""I don't feel good about my body today."" Diet culture tells us that losing weight is a good thing, no matter how it's done. But that's just not true. If someone in your life has lost weight, it could be due to depression, ",science
"In the final 10 minutes of Killing Eve's first season, we witness the consummation — for now — of an impractical relationship. Throughout Season 1, Eve (Sandra Oh) has transformed from a paper-pushing MI5 functionary to a thriving international spy, determinedly pursuing Villanelle (Jodie Comer), a prolific assassin. In the season finale, Eve finally has the chance to catch Villanelle in her Paris apartment, which is spare in furniture but overflowing with perfumes, couture clothes, weaponry, and bottles of champagne — all symbolic of Villanelle, who is pure id. And in this moment, Eve, who’s wielding a gun (one of Villanelle's), chooses to confess her obsession. Eve goes into typically meticulous detail. “I think about you all the time,” she says, sitting on Villanelle's bed and looking into her eyes. “I think about what you're wearing, and what you're doing, and who you're doing it with. I think about what friends you have. I think about what you eat before you work. What shampoo you use. What happened in your family. I think about your eyes and your mouth and what you feel when you kill someone. I think about what you had for breakfast. I just want to know everything.” Villanelle — whose usually radiant, poreless face is bruised and scraped, having recently escaped several life-threatening situations in her despised homeland of Russia — receives Eve's admission with her signature animalistic bluntness. “I think about you too,” she says. After a long pause, she adds, “I mean, I masturbate about you a lot.” By the end of the scene, just at the moment when the audience probably thought — and Villanelle certainly thought — that the two characters were about to have sex, Eve does something else: As they lie face to face on the bed and Villanelle leans in to kiss her, Eve stabs her in the gut. (“I really liked you!” Villanelle yells, after the knife goes in.) Eve immediately panics, regrets what she's done, and tries to save Villanelle by getting something to stop the ",reader
,health
"This is an excerpt from The Stakes 2020, BuzzFeed News' newsletter about what really matters in the 2020 campaign. You can sign up here. This week I texted with Mark Sanford, the former member of Congress and South Carolina governor, who became one of Trump’s most vocal Republican critics — and lost his primary in 2018 to an extremely pro-Trump opponent (the seat eventually went to a Democrat). Sanford became a household name in 2009, when, as governor, he disappeared for six days, later admitting he was having an affair and was visiting his girlfriend in Argentina — a mild scandal by today’s standards. But he’s been incredibly consistent about limiting government spending and deficits and has launched a quixotic bid against Trump so he can, he hopes, remind Republicans they used to care about spending. We texted about who his campaign appeals to, impeachment, and what he makes of some of his former congressional colleagues who now work for Trump. To read a transcript of this conversation, click here.",politics
"Extending the reach of its propaganda beyond its borders, Chinese state-owned media is running ads on Facebook seemingly designed to cast doubt on human rights violations occurring under the government’s mass incarceration of Muslim minorities in the country’s northwest Xinjiang region. BuzzFeed News found three ads — two active and one inactive — within Facebook’s ad library extolling the alleged success stories of detainees at the camps and claiming that the detention centers were not meant to interfere with religious beliefs and practices. The two active ads had been placed in the last four days and were targeted to an audience in the United States and other countries. The Global Times placed one of the active Facebook ads on Monday, in which it claimed that “if the centers were set up earlier, fewer violent attacks would happen.” The state-controlled tabloid, which has both Chinese- and English-language editions, is best known for its nationalistic opinion and editorial page. Since 2017, more than a million Uighur Muslims and other ethnic minorities have been detained in internment camps in the Xinjiang region in northwest China. While the United States government and the international community have decried the human rights violations within these camps, the Chinese government has dismissed these criticisms, billing the imprisonment as reeducation or vocational training. Last month, the Chinese government said that most of the detainees had been released, a claim disputed in a report in the New York Times. Accompanying the Global Times’ ad is a one-minute, thirty-six-second video captioned “Xinjiang center trainees graduate with hope for future,” showing supposedly former detainees showcasing vocational skills by binding books or making bread. Footage purportedly from the centers shows Uighur detainees in classrooms, performing dances, and playing table tennis. “Establishing vocational education and training centers helps Xinjiang maintain enduring social stabi",tech
"The Nazi Holocaust killed almost 1.5 million Jews in just three months in 1942, according to a study of archival German railroad records. That’s an even higher death rate than previously suspected for the largest murder campaign of World War II. Some 6 million Jews were killed in the Holocaust by the Nazi regime and its collaborators during the war. Operation Reinhard, the deadliest murder campaign in the racist genocide of these people, killed roughly 1.7 million Jews from 1942 to 1943, largely in three large death camps in western Poland. Retreating Germans destroyed many of the records of these murders at the end of World War II as Soviet armies closed in on Berlin, and scholars have struggled to estimate death tolls. In the new report, published in Science Advances, biomathematician Lewi Stone of Tel Aviv University and RMIT University looked at the rate at which people were murdered in Operation Reinhard, not just the number of total deaths. The German National Railway moved millions of Jews to killing centers in “special trains” on strict timetables. Stone analyzed railway records of 480 of these deportations from 393 Polish towns and ghettos to calculate for the first time the month-to-month rate at which the Nazis killed Jews during Operation Reinhard. “When I plotted the data for the first time, I was completely shocked to see the three month peak,” Stone told BuzzFeed News by email. Some 500,000 people a month were gassed or shot dead from August to September 1942, the peak of Nazi Germany’s expansion into the Soviet Union. “The Nazis went out of the way to make the whole slaughter work with minimal resistance,” Stone added, noting the gas chambers famously disguised as showers. Historians have long known that Operation Reinhard, which had the goal of exterminating every Jew in Nazi-occupied Poland, was the deadliest campaign of the Holocaust. But the pace of its murders was remarkably faster than previously estimated, Stone’s analysis concludes. The Nazis",science
"If you can't see the sign-up box above, you can sign up here. All You Can Ever Know is a powerful memoir written by Nicole Chung, a Korean woman who is adopted as a premature infant by white parents. Despite having loving, caring adoptive parents, Chung always felt out of place growing up in a small, predominantly white Oregon town, and she never felt like she knew the whole story about why she was put up for adoption. In her 20s, Chung finds out she's pregnant with her first child, and she sets out on a journey to find her biological family. What unfolds shows the messy but true realities of transracial adoption. While Chung never says adoption is a bad thing, Chung's memoir argues that the culture and heritage of adoptive children should be discussed, celebrated, and explored. This memoir will connect with anyone who's felt a need to search for their true identity or ever felt different due to factors out of their control. –Ciera Velarde Get it from Amazon for $14.99, Barnes & Noble for $22.10, or a local bookseller through IndieBound here. Brash and unpredictable, fiercely affectionate one moment and aloof the next, Shalini’s mother is a force of nature — with Shalini as her fervently loyal companion. But in the wake of her mother’s death, Shalini — a young, privileged Indian woman — finds herself adrift and propelled to journey into the mountains of Kashmir in search of a long-unseen family friend and answers about the enigmatic woman who raised her. The Far Field is an intimate portrait of a young woman’s attempt to seek closure after tragedy. But at its core, Madhuri Vijay’s debut novel is an account of a greater conflict. The violent dispute over Kashmir is not simply a background for the narrator’s coming-of-age but arguably the book’s true narrative, told through Shalini’s eyes. Vijay expertly weaves together Shalini’s journey — amalgamating the past and present, the personal and political, into a story of a broken family and a broken nation attempting to p",reader
"An Indiana mother is facing charges after her 3-month-old daughter was found dead in her car. Rachel McAfee and her daughter, Emma, were reported missing by McAfee's husband on Monday. The search ended in tragedy on Tuesday when McAfee's vehicle was located with her, and her daughter's body, inside. ""Despite life-saving efforts, Emma McAfee was pronounced deceased at the scene,"" said a release from the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department. Her cause of death is currently unknown, pending an autopsy. McAfee was taken to the hospital and is now facing a preliminary charge of neglect of a dependent causing death. The penalty for the charge is 20 to 40 years in prison and a fine of up to $10,000. McAfee's husband, John McAfee, told News 8 that his wife had been dealing with postpartum depression and alcoholism following Emma's birth. ""It's up and down,"" he told the station. ""When she's sober, she'll listen and have discussions. When she's drinking, she just completely throws everything out the window and starts over back at scratch."" Though strides have been made to lessen the stigma around postpartum depression, there's still an element of the taboo for a mother to admit to feeling anything less than joyous after having a child. Dr. Sue Varma, a New York City–based psychiatrist, told BuzzFeed News that about 15% of new moms will experience postpartum depression. Varma did not treat McAfee, but specializes in women's mental health and postpartum issues. ""It often goes unnoticed. Women are told they are just anxious about having a baby — they will get over it the minute they meet their new baby,"" she said. Many women experience what's called the ""baby blues"" after giving birth — a short period of depression, anxiety, and trouble sleeping. That tends to resolve itself with a couple of weeks, but postpartum depression lasts much longer. Postpartum depression is marked not just by feeling down, but intense feelings of sadness and despair that makes it difficult to pe",health
"If you're struggling to make sense of Republican President Donald Trump's obsession with Ukraine, the best place to look is inside the mind of a lawyer working for him, Rudy Giuliani. Deep in those soupy depths, you'll find the closest thing to a cohesive explanation for Trump's almost monomaniacal obsession with the conspiracy theory that Democrats who conspired to frame his campaign for collusion themselves colluded with Ukrainian nationals to delegitimize his 2016 presidential win. Like a number of recent Trumpian narratives, this one too is founded in internet nonsense and defies both fact and Senate Intelligence Committee reports. And now, thanks to congressional testimony from the former special envoy to Ukraine, we can track its beginnings to the former mayor of New York City and the near-constant stream of Spygate fanfiction he’s been spewing online for the last six months. “Spygate,"" for those of you just joining us, is the name for a loose collection of unsubstantiated claims and right-wing social media theories that coalesced around a May 23, 2018, Trump tweet touting ""one of the biggest political scandals in history."" Spygate’s central (false) claim is that the Obama administration embedded a spy in Trump's 2016 presidential campaign for political purposes. Depending on the blog or message board you’re reading, it can include allegations of a “deep state” plot or even a demonic global cabal of left-wing pedophiles. This is the petri dish in which Giuliani has been growing his ongoing investigation. While Giuliani’s fixation on Ukraine dates back to 2017 and he spent the spring of 2018 using Spygate talking points to discredit the former FBI director Robert Mueller’s probe, he didn’t really start his anti-Ukraine social media campaign until March 22 of this year — the day Mueller submitted his report on Russian interference in the 2016 election to Attorney General Bill Barr. Giuliani most likely resurrected it as a tool to disparage Mueller’s resulting re",politics
"After a long delay, Facebook is releasing a tool that will allow people to see what kind of information it has collected about their online activity beyond its borders — from the news they read to the shopping websites they visit to the porn they watch — along with an option to dissociate that data from their accounts. Facebook collects information about its users in two ways: first, through the information you input into its website and apps, and second, by tracking which websites you visit while you’re not on Facebook. That’s why, after you visit a clothing retailer’s website, you’ll likely see an ad for it in your Facebook News Feed or Instagram feed. Basically, Facebook monitors where you go, all across the internet, and uses your digital footprints to target you with ads. But Facebook users have never been able to view this external data Facebook collected about them, until now. Facebook tracks your browsing history via the “Login with Facebook” button, the “like” button, Facebook comments, and little bits of invisible code, called the Facebook pixel, embedded on other sites (including BuzzFeed News). Today the company will start to roll out a feature called “Off-Facebook Activity” that allows people to manage that external browsing data — finally delivering on a promise it made over a year ago when CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced at a company event that it would develop a feature then called “Clear History.” The new tool will display a summary of those third-party websites that shared your visit with Facebook, and will allow you to disconnect that browsing history from your Facebook account. You can also opt out of future off-Facebook activity tracking, or selectively stop certain websites from sending your browsing activity to Facebook. Nearly a third of all websites include a Facebook tracker, according to several studies. Some people in Ireland, South Korea, and Spain will gain access to Off-Facebook Activity first. Facebook said it will continue rolling out ",tech
"The Trump administration handed a long-expected victory to the coal industry on Friday, proposing to remove the basis for regulating pollution for companies whose products contribute most of the mercury, arsenic, and other toxins in the environment. Coal contributes about 48% of all airborne mercury pollution, most dangerously transmitted to fish that people eat. The Environmental Protection Agency announced the proposed easing of cost estimate rules for limiting mercury and other toxic emissions from coal-fired power plants, taking aim at 2011 Obama administration mercury and air toxics standards for air pollution linked to premature deaths in adults and brain damage in infants. Previous pollution rules will remain in place for now, but the proposal sets the stage for future attacks on them, according to legal observers. Essentially, the proposal finds that the difference in the EPA’s estimate of yearly costs of the standards to utilities, around $7.4 billion to $9.6 billion, “dwarfs” its estimated benefits of $4 million to $6 million. And it concludes that regulating hazardous air pollutants such as mercury under the standards is therefore not necessary. The agency came to this conclusion by not counting “co-benefits” — such as reducing the costs of people killed by asthma from fine particle pollution — from the standards in reducing harm from other pollutants, estimated at $24 billion to $80 billion. “The Trump Administration is providing regulatory certainty by transparently and accurately taking account of both costs and benefits,” said an EPA statement on the proposal. The Supreme Court in 2015 had called for the revised cost estimates of the standards, in a 5–4 decision authored by Judge Antonin Scalia. “They’re just saying that, in this case, where virtually all the benefits are ‘co-benefits’ of reducing a pollutant that is supposed to be regulated under other Clean Air Act programs, we can’t use these co-benefits to justify a regulation that is only suppose",science
"Courtney Stodden’s Hollywood Hills home is haunted by the ghost of Marilyn Monroe. Stodden has only been in the house for two months, and there are still unpacked boxes waiting to be opened. But other than her 39-year-old boyfriend and manager Chris Sheng, their three yappy dogs (Cartier, Cupcake, and Cappuccino), one very shy cat (Casanova), a cotton candy machine on the bottom floor, and a rotary phone in the foyer, everything in her home feels like an object of devotion in a makeshift shrine. A giant topless portrait of Marilyn faces the stripper pole that bisects the living room, where two coffee table books about the actor are on display. A framed photo of Marilyn at a restaurant table hangs in the kitchen (with a duplicate hanging just two feet away), alongside a photo of Marilyn reading a book about acting, while a Marilyn Barbie and a Marilyn cross-stitch sit behind a glass-door cupboard in the dining room. This wouldn’t surprise anyone familiar with Stodden’s Instagram, which for years has also been filled almost exclusively with a kind of Marilyn cosplay, albeit a more buxom and blatantly sexy version. Stodden’s recently gained a bit of weight, intentionally — though she’s still teeny tiny — giving her more hips and butt in addition to her surgically enhanced chest, sending her into full pinup territory. (Though, lately, she seems to be channeling a late-era Britney Spears, with piecey long blonde hair and sparkly chokers.) And she’s been open about the way she idolizes the actor, writing in a letter she put on Marilyn’s grave in 2016, “You’re in my heart and my very nature.” “I find strength in her, and it’s not the image,” the 24-year-old says while perched atop a mountain of cream-colored pillows in her bright but still-sparse living room. “There’s so much more than meets the eye, and I connect so much with that. I’ve created this image, this alter ego, which is Courtney Stodden, the bubbly persona who marries old men. It’s stupid, it’s silly, it’s funn",reader
"THAT'S SOME BROWN STUFF! Have a nice day! By now you've for sure heard a million reasons why smoking is gross - the yellow teeth, the wrinkles, the smell, all that stuff. But there's probably one absolutely disgusting thing you haven't thought of... You see this? This is what happens to your home when you smoke inside: Look how yellow those walls are: This is the floor just outside a smoker's apartment: And this is the floor in a smoker's bedroom: Look at this before and after: And look at the sheer brown-ness of this liquid: Look at the difference between a smoking section and a non-smoking section: And look at these walls that have been freshly painted compared to stained walls: I mean, yikes: That poor, poor wall. Can you imagine the smell? This looks like something out of a horror movie. This is some gnarly stuff: Truly ghastly: Just remember, you can clean walls but you can't clean lungs:",health
"By now, you're probably well aware of the controversy surrounding Ellen DeGeneres and George W. Bush. The two were spotted at a Cowboys game together, and when Ellen was criticized for associating with the controversial former POTUS, she doubled down, explaining on her talk show that Bush is her ""friend."" ""When I say be kind to one another,"" she added, ""I don't mean only the people that think the same way that you do. I mean be kind to everyone."" Many people felt like Ellen's response minimized the severity of Bush's actions as president, which included starting the Iraq War, and fiercely opposing gay rights. At the same time, many celebs rushed to Ellen's defense, including Reese Witherspoon: And Kristen Bell: But there's one celebrity who is having absolutely none of Ellen's ""friendship"" message: Mark Ruffalo. In a tweet posted Wednesday afternoon, Mark took Ellen to task for her belief that Bush deserves kindness. ""Sorry, until George W. Bush is brought to justice for the crimes of the Iraq War, (including American-lead torture, Iraqi deaths & displacement, and the deep scars — emotional & otherwise — inflicted on our military that served his folly), we can’t even begin to talk about kindness,"" he wrote. Many on Twitter were happy to see an A-lister like Ruffalo take Ellen to task for her comments. Ellen has yet to respond to Mark — or any of the backlash to her talk show comments about Bush.",politics
"Facebook and Twitter announced Monday they have taken down accounts associated with “inauthentic activity” coming from China that targeted the ongoing Hong Kong protests. The announcements come shortly after reports that Chinese state-controlled media paid to promote content on the platforms to portray the protests as violent and influenced by foreign entities. Twitter said it found and thwarted 200,000 accounts before they were “substantially active.” The San Francisco–based company also made information from 936 accounts available in its information manipulation archive, which also includes data from disinformation campaigns sponsored by Iran and Russia. “The accounts we are sharing today represent the most active portions of this campaign; a larger, spammy network of approximately 200,000 accounts — many created following our initial suspensions — were proactively suspended before they were substantially active on the service,” the Twitter blog post about the takedowns said. Shortly after Twitter’s announcement, Facebook also said it removed five accounts, seven pages, and three groups that originated in China, but did not make data on them publicly available. In a blog post, Facebook said the takedowns were a result of a tip it received from Twitter. Both social media networks posted examples of the type of content that was spread by the Chinese government, which seems to have used a VPN to skirt China’s own ban on the two social networks. The posts, which were in both Chinese and English, likened protesters to cockroaches and ISIS and accused them of taking their marching orders from “bad guys.” “Overall, these accounts were deliberately and specifically attempting to sow political discord in Hong Kong, including undermining the legitimacy and political positions of the protest movement on the ground,” Twitter said in a blog post. “Based on our intensive investigations, we have reliable evidence to support that this is a coordinated state-backed operation.” The",tech
"And you had all kinds of inspiring answers. For some of you, it was learning to love yourself as you are, or throwing out the scale. For others, it meant eating right, exercising, and shedding pounds. For some it even meant more permanent changes, like surgery. There's no one right way to love your body, and everyone's journey to body positivity is their own. This list isn't meant to encourage any particular method, but to show the many ways we learn to love the skin we're in. Maybe one or two will inspire you to make a change, make a promise to love yourself as you are, or find a whole new way to embrace yourself in the new year. ""I’ve always hated my chest, so this summer I got a small sternum tattoo. I also got my nipples pierced. Now I don’t cringe every time i look at my chest. Instead I see a beautiful piece of art and some nice jewelry."" —cherielovee ""I've gotten a couple small tattoos over the years, but they're in places that are harder for me to see. I finally found the right artist and got a couple larger pieces I've been wanting: one from my right hip to my right armpit, and the other on my left thigh. When I look down at my body or at myself in the mirror — no matter how I feel about my rolls or pimples or rashes or stray hairs — even if I'm having a bad day — there are always beautiful, colorful things to see. And how could I not love that?"" —melissan40168c557 ""I stopped looking in the mirror while wearing bathing suits. I bought suits I thought were cute, and fit me, and did not spend hours analyzing every lump and bump — instead I just wore them and assumed I looked fine. It did incredible things for my self-esteem."" —Maggie L ""I just said 'fuck it' and bought that bikini I was too scared to buy. I don't get a ton of chances to go to the beach, but strutting my shit in that bathing suit made me feel soooo good. I hadn't worn one since I was a little bitty kid. Was I super skinny with a flat tummy? Heck no! Some teenage girl made a comment once, I cou",science
"“Seriously? Is that all you shrinks care about?” John is back on my couch, sitting cross-legged and barefoot. He’s come in wearing flip-flops because the pedicurist was at the studio today. His toenails, I notice, are as perfect as his teeth. I’ve just asked something about his childhood, and he’s not happy about it. “How many times do I have to tell you? I had a great childhood,” he continues. “My parents were saints. Saints!” Whenever I hear about saintly parents, I get suspicious. It’s not that I’m looking for problems. It’s just that no parent is a saint. Most of us end up being the “good-enough” parents that Donald Winnicott, the influential English pediatrician and child psychiatrist, believed was sufficient to raise a well-adjusted child. Even so, the poet Philip Larkin put it best: “They fuck you up, your mum and dad, / They may not mean to, but they do.” It wasn’t until I became a parent that I could truly understand two crucial things about therapy: 1. The purpose of inquiring about people’s parents isn’t to join them in blaming, judging, or criticizing their parents. In fact, it’s not about their parents at all. It’s solely about understanding how their early experiences inform who they are as adults so that they can separate the past from the present (and not wear psychological clothing that no longer fits). 2. Most people’s parents did their absolute best, whether that “best” was an A-minus or a D-plus. It’s the rare parent who, however limited, deep down doesn’t want his or her child to have a good life. That doesn’t mean people can’t have feelings about their parents’ limitations (or mental-health challenges). They just need to figure out what to do with them. Here’s what I know about John so far: He’s 40 years old, married for 12 years, and has two daughters, ages ten and four, and a dog. He writes and produces popular television shows, and when I learn which ones, I’m not surprised; he’s won Emmys precisely because his characters are so brilliantly ",reader
"Terry Dubrow: I had a micro-penis consulting in my office and... Paul Nassif: ...and I was the doctor examining him. Terry Dubrow: No, no, no. He was my first appointment. He pulled [his pants] down and I was like, ""Whoa!"" Paul Nassif: I'm Lebanese, remember that. I don't have that problem. Terry Dubrow: And so I said, ""I'm good, but I'm not that good yet. So come back when I have a solution to the mini micro-penis phenomenon, and maybe I could help you."" ~ The Real Story ~ Paul Nassif: I get a call from my sister and she says, ""I met the funniest doctor in Newport Beach."" And then they introduced me to Dr. Terry Dubrow."" TD: Yeah, it's really changed. We call it Selfie Dysmorphia, where patients are trying to look like an idealized version of themselves, not the way they actually look. They bring their selfie photos in and they say, ""I wanna look like this."" Well, that's a filter and last time I checked, a scalpel is not a filter. So, use the filter, don't use the scalpel. For women: PN: Botox. TD: Breast revision surgery. For men: TD: Botox. PN: Botox. TD: Brazilian Butt Lifts are a procedure where you take fat from one part of the body, or several parts...like the abdomen, the arms, the thighs, and you wash the fat, prepare it, and you inject it in the buttocks. It's the fastest growing procedure in plastic surgery and it's also the most dangerous. It's turning out to be the most fatal. In fact, it's so fatal, it's even more fatal than an appendectomy or a gallbladder operation. We think that this operation should be banned. It's just too dangerous. The blood vessels in the butt are very fragile and very small. There's a very short distance from the blood vessels that lead to your heart and lungs. DON'T DO IT! TD: Every one. PN: That's very routine for us. TD: The botched surgeries, particularly in Season 5, are so extreme because our skill level has gone up. So, they really make us nervous. At the end of the day, we're trying to redefine impossible. Now the impo",health
"Joe Biden, who for months had resisted calling unequivocally for President Donald Trump’s impeachment, did so forcefully Wednesday. “With his words and his actions, President Trump has indicted himself by obstructing justice, refusing to comply with the congressional inquiry,” Biden, a Democratic candidate for president, said during a speech in Rochester, New Hampshire. “He’s already convicted himself in full view of the world and the American people. Donald Trump has violated his oath of office, betrayed this nation, and committed impeachable acts. To preserve our Constitution, our democracy, our basic integrity, he should be impeached.” Biden’s condemnations of Trump have escalated in recent weeks, first after evidence surfaced that Trump asked Ukraine’s president to investigate Biden and his son, Hunter, over unfounded accusations surrounding Hunter Biden’s business dealings in the country while his father was vice president. At the time, Biden issued a conditional call for impeachment, if Trump didn’t cooperate with a congressional investigation. Since then, Trump has publicly called on Ukraine and China to investigate the Biden family. On Tuesday, the White House said it would not comply with House Democrats’ requests, calling the inquiry “invalid” on procedural grounds. (The House has not taken a formal impeachment vote.) ""He's shooting holes in the Constitution,” Biden said of Trump on Wednesday, “and we cannot let him get away with it."" Trump and some of his allies have, without evidence, accused Biden of pushing for the removal of a Ukrainian prosecutor because he believed the prosecutor was investigating Hunter Biden, who sat on the board of a Ukrainian natural gas company. Biden was one of many officials from Western governments and institutions who wanted the prosecutor out. Biden said Wednesday that, as he and his supporters have emphasized in recent weeks, Trump’s attacks suggest a fear of facing Biden in the general election. “He’s basically a coward,",politics
"HONG KONG — Chinese state-run media outlets have been buying advertisements on Twitter and Facebook to push the Chinese Communist Party’s narrative of the demonstrations in Hong Kong, painting protesters as the “public enemy” and claiming a “silent majority” does not support the pro-democracy movement. China has been using increasingly hostile rhetoric about the protests in its state media for weeks. But the ads mark a new step in trying to reach wider audiences — BuzzFeed News found nearly 50 different promoted tweets from the Twitter accounts of Xinhua News Agency, China’s official state-run press organization; the Chinese Communist Party–owned China Daily; and China Plus News, the English-language site of the state-owned China Radio International. Similar ads were also running on Facebook from Xinhua and CGTN, a state-owned 24-hour news channel that broadcasts in English. The Chinese government has struggled to contain the narrative of the months-long protests, which have seen pro-democracy activists face increasingly aggressive police tactics in the streets. Though Twitter and Facebook are banned in China, the Chinese state media runs several English-language accounts to present its views to the outside world. “It’s very clear that the Chinese state media is essentially buying ads on Twitter and Facebook for the purpose of reaching an international audience as part of China’s effort to ‘tell its story better,’” said Adam Ni, a China researcher at Macquarie University in Sydney. The Communist Party sees this “as critical in the battle of hearts and minds,” he added. The protests in Hong Kong have been widely covered by international media with videos of police confrontations and million-strong marches dominating an information stream that China usually has the ability to control within its own borders. The Facebook and Twitter ads, however, represent state media’s attempt to wrest back control of the story from foreign media with promoted tweets and Facebook post",tech
"The partial US government shutdown has claimed a victim at the edge of the solar system — NASA's commentary on one of its own probes flying past the most distant object ever visited by a spacecraft. The event will still be broadcast, but the agency will largely be on the sidelines for its big show. NASA's New Horizons spacecraft will zip past the tiny frozen world called 2014 MU69 (better known by its nickname as Ultima Thule) at 12:33 a.m. ET on Jan. 1. Only about 22 miles wide, Ultima Thule is thought to be a pristine remnant of the comet belt beyond Pluto some 4 billion miles from the sun. Everyone in science will be watching the long-awaited encounter — except for the space agency itself. Federal furlough rules forbid some NASA employees from attending the festivities. Never fear, though — there will be scientific commentary on the event. The spacecraft's operators at Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) in Laurel, Maryland, have posted a ""Where to Watch"" schedule of programs and links on the mission website, for coverage that starts on Friday, Dec. 28. The lab, which operates the far-flung mission, will also report news on Twitter and have live coverage of events on its YouTube Channel. And late on Thursday, NASA administrator Jim Bridenstine announced in a response to complaints that NASA had funding to continue tweeting flyby events and cover briefings on NASA TV. BuzzFeed News calls to NASA public affairs officials responsible for the mission referred questions to APL on voicemail, citing the partial government shutdown. Launched in 2006, New Horizons is best known for taking the first close-up views of Pluto and its moon Charon in 2015. Ultima Thule is some 100 million miles deeper in space than that dwarf planet, and the first data from the 31,000 mph flyby will take some eight hours to reach Earth. High-resolution images from the event will likely become available in February if the flyby's complicated choreography of steering rockets",science
"In 2011, the writer Lindy West penned a letter for the Stranger’s alt-weekly blog called “Hello, I Am Fat.” Its candid description of how the world treats her body, and her anger as a result, made it a pyrotechnic display of fuck-you fervor that was as deft and true as it was deeply satisfying. Essays about fatness had existed long before the post and have continued to evolve during and after West published this letter. But there was something about “Hello, I Am Fat” that resonated across the many incarnations of internet culture that have come since. West later published a memoir, Shrill, which has now been adapted into a show on Hulu. Shrill, starring Saturday Night Live’s Aidy Bryant, is yet another paradigm shift, heralding a media moment alongside this past fall’s Netflix movies Sierra Burgess Is a Loser and Dumplin’, AMC’s Dietland, and February romcom Isn’t It Romantic, in which fat characters are front and center in TV and film in a way that feels unprecedented. Most Americans, at this point, are fat. Statistically speaking, fatness is more common than thinness, and the reasons for this are deeply complicated — including but not limited to food insecurity, poverty, lack of education around nutrition and medical bias, and genetic predisposition — and more than just “people got lazy” or “people are more stupid,” and so the stories about fat people are not stories about a specific niche of humanity but about an ever-expanding pool of personhood with their own heft and gravity. But historically, fat people on TV and film have been relegated to punchlines, often cruel ones. There has been such a dearth of positive representation of fat characters in TV and film that I never had the privilege of asking “Is this good?” or “Is this art?” but only, “Is this actively hurtful?” or “Is this actively hurtful, and is it too hurtful for me to enjoy the other things about it that are good?” We are entering uncharted and lovely territory, then, that whether or not something ",reader
" For more information on eating disorders and resources that can help, visit the National Eating Disorders Association or Beat if you’re in the UK. Yesterday, ELLE Canada unveiled their latest cover featuring none other than Lana Condor, star of To All The Boys I've Loved Before and Deadly Class. In the accompanying interview, Lana spoke about everything from the importance of representation to her passionate endorsement of the fight against climate change. But she also criticised the world's unfair treatment of women, and specifically the fact that women ""feel like they need to apologise"" for our physical appearances. Lana went on to say that, as a classically trained dancer, she has firsthand experience of the expectations placed on young girls to look a certain way. ""You have to eat. You have to stop thinking that a certain body shape is ideal, because it’s not,"" she continued. ""That’s why I literally post about every meal I eat,"" Lana said, explaining that she has decided to celebrate her relationship with food rather than criticise it. You can read Lana's full ELLE Canada cover story here.",health
"Collin Martin, a major league soccer player and the only openly gay man on a US professional sports team in the five majors, is endorsing Pete Buttigieg’s presidential campaign. “I’ve been following along with Pete for a bunch of months now, and I’ve been completely impressed by the guy,” Martin told BuzzFeed News over a phone call Tuesday morning. “Obviously, I think we’re at a really critical time in our country, not only concerning who’s in the presidency now but just with issues like climate and upholding people’s basic rights. And I think Pete’s the man for the job. I’ve been completely enamored by him.” Martin pointed to Buttigieg's remarks in April aimed at Vice President Mike Pence, when he said, ""If you have a problem with who I am, your problem is not with me. Your quarrel, sir, is with my creator.” As a gay man of faith, Martin said, he thought to himself during that moment, “This guy just really gets it.” Martin, who plays for Minnesota United FC, became the only openly gay man who plays for a professional sports team in the US when he publicly announced that he was gay before his team’s Pride Match in June 2018. “Representation is huge,” Martin told the Washington Post at the time. “Having role models in any workplace in any setting in life is important.” “People need to know that it doesn’t matter what sexuality you are, how old you are, what race. It doesn’t matter,” he added. “You’re going to be received well on a team as long as you’re a good teammate and do your job every day.” Buttigieg, the mayor of South Bend, Indiana, became the second openly gay man to run for president when he announced that he was exploring a presidential run in late January. “It’s extremely courageous of him to be an out gay man,” Martin said. “And I know that growing up as a closeted kid I could’ve never imagined an openly gay man running for president. It’s something that I think all of us gay people could’ve never imagined.” ""For a local student struggling with her sexua",politics
"In a world of influencers hawking laxative teas and vitamin gummies all over Instagram, TikTok can feel like a breath of fresh air. We're now just past the one-year anniversary for the app, on which users can make and share short-form videos. It still has an air of amateur authenticity, full of organic memes and challenges. Or at least that's how it looks. It may not be as obvious as it is on other platforms, but TikTok is the new frontier of social media advertising. Savvy marketers are leveraging influential TikTokers to promote brands and music. For Leanne Bailey, marketers came a-calling once she hit 1 million fans on the app. Bailey runs the @thebaileybakery channel, named after her real-life bakery business in Kentucky. ""Somebody had mentioned just signing up for an account and I did, it was a leap of faith, just something I randomly did,"" Bailey told BuzzFeed News. ""It just really took off almost immediately."" Now at more than 4 million fans, Bailey said she posts a sponsored video about once a week. She didn't want to get into specifics about the brands she's worked with, but said she's often paid by a music label to use a particular song. She said she's making a ""good little side income"" from the posts and has done dozens of sponsored videos. ""It’s kind of like a hobby that pays a little bit of money, and it is fun,"" she said. She doesn't broker the deals herself anymore, but works with Devain Doolaramani, a 21-year-old in California. He initially approached Bailey and now he handles her sponsored deals. ""I got in super early on the platform when these kids were really small compared to where they are now,"" he said. Now, he told BuzzFeed News, he manages accounts whose reach can mean pulling in tens of millions of eyeballs. One of his campaigns was pushing the song ""Civil War"" by Russ. It's not just the initial sponsored post that makes TikTok so attractive — it's the viral factor. A truly successful campaign happens when other users start using the promote",tech
"Some stories were about children or adults who overcame cancer or physical or mental illness, who are now living their best life despite these challenges.  Others were about people who had a birth or breastfeeding experience that we found pretty inspiring.  The world is a difficult place to be in sometimes. These were some inspiring stories of people who faced health problems or challenges, had a cool life experience, or underwent groundbreaking surgery, which made us feel a little bit better about being in this world. Miles Scott stole everyone's heart as a 5-year-old leukemia patient who took over San Francisco in 2013 as Batkid after he told the Make-A-Wish Foundation that he wanted to be Batman. People crowded the streets to cheer him on after San Francisco was turned into Gotham for a day with the help of late mayor Ed Lee and 20,000 volunteers. This year, the foundation announced that Miles, now 10, has been in remission for five years. This is an important milestone when many people can be considered as likely to be cancer-free. Brandon Seminatore is a pediatric resident in California and ended up working at the Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital in Palo Alto, the same hospital where he was born decades earlier. A preemie (he was born at 29 weeks of gestation, while a full-term pregnancy is around 40 weeks), he spent more than a month in the neonatal intensive care unit.  A nurse named Vilma Wong, who had worked at the hospital for 32 years, thought his name sounded familiar.  “To confirm, I asked him if his dad was a police officer, and there was a big silence. And then he asked me if I was Vilma. I said yes,” Wong said.  Seminatore was impressed with Wong's dedication and love for her patients, so much so that she remembered the family decades later. They both hope their story lifts up parents who are undergoing a difficult time and have babies in a newborn intensive care unit. Mehlani lives in Minnesota, and her mom, Karina Martinez, is often stopped by st",science
"When Matthew Eledge and his husband, Elliot Dougherty, told Matthew’s mother, Cecile, that they were planning to start their family, Cecile thought fondly of her own parental journey. She’d loved being pregnant decades earlier with her three now-grown children. “If you want me to be the gestational carrier,” she told Matthew, “I’d do it in a heartbeat.” Matthew, 32, and Elliot, 29, appreciated the gesture, but, they thought, let’s be real — it’s not like that would ever happen. A postmenopausal 61-year-old couldn’t possibly be equipped to carry and give birth to a baby. Right? But when Matthew and Elliot, who live in Omaha, Nebraska, were meeting with reproductive endocrinologists to discuss surrogacy options, Matthew mentioned his mother’s joking offer — and their doctor, Dr. Carolyn Maud Doherty, didn’t think it sounded like much of a joke at all. There weren’t any guarantees, but Doherty was game to see whether Matthew’s mother might be a serious candidate for surrogacy. Cecile’s children always teased her for being such a health fanatic, committed to a good diet and regular exercise, but as it turned out, a lifetime of diligence paid off. The team from the Reproductive Health Specialists at Methodist Women’s Hospital in Omaha ran a Pap smear, a blood test, a cholesterol test, a stress test, a mammogram, and an ultrasound, all of which revealed Cecile to be in tip-top shape — healthy enough, the doctors deemed, to potentially carry a fetus to term. “She’s 61 years old and has lower blood pressure than the rest of us,” Matthew joked. “When they made her run on a treadmill, even when it was turned up to the highest level, she wasn’t anywhere close to the danger zone.” “I thought if I could do it, I would do it,” Cecile told me. “It was kind of a no-brainer.” Carrying one’s own biological grandchild may seem like the stuff of science fiction, but Cecile isn’t the first, or even the oldest, woman to do it. However, Doherty told me that “it’s important for people to n",reader
"You've heard it before. The ""squat pee."" Many times it's done in the woods, or as a last resort when you just can't hold it. But, some women forgo the toilet liners for an intense quad workout every time they're in a public restroom. Let's just say they feel the burn. Sometimes it burns so bad they accidentally drop a cheek on the seat. And newbies to the squat pee usually have to hold onto the side of the stall or put their hands out to balance. On the other hand, some women get really, really good at it. Long pees are the worst for obvious reasons. And let's not get into poops. Even though they know they really can't get any diseases from toilet seats...it's still just GERMY. And, like, someone else's bum has been on it. Apparently, some women physically get on the toilet seat instead of just hovering with their feet on the ground. (No real quad workout there.) But, obviously, it's frowned upon. Very frowned upon. Real squat peeing involves the quad burn. Anyways, thanks for wasting five minutes of your day with me. Being a woman is hard. Cheers to all the squat pee-ers out there!",health
" Rihanna is Vogue's November cover star, and in a new interview with the magazine, the singer/designer/businesswoman did not hold back when it came to talking politics. Her most pointed words were aimed at President Trump, who she called ""the most mentally ill human being in America right now"" when asked about the August mass shootings in El Paso and Dayton. ""People are being murdered by war weapons that they legally purchase. This is just not normal. That should never, ever be normal. And the fact that it's classified as something different because of the color of their skin? It's a slap in the face. It's completely racist,"" she said. She also lambasted the president for addressing gun violence as a mental health issue: Of course, this isn't her first time speaking out on the issue. On the day of the Dayton shooting, Rihanna posted a screenshot of the president's response, captioning it, ""Um... Donald, you spelt 'terrorism' wrong!"" In the same interview, Rihanna also confirmed reports that she had turned down performing at the Super Bowl halftime show in support of Colin Kaepernick, the former San Francisco 49ers quarterback who began protesting police brutality by kneeling during the national anthem in 2016. Her response: ""Absolutely."" ""I couldn't dare do that. For what? Who gains from that? Not my people. I just couldn’t be a sellout. I couldn’t be an enabler. There's things within that organization that I do not agree with at all, and I was not about to go and be of service to them in any way."" Read more of Rihanna's interview with Vogue here, or pick up a copy of the November issue on stands Oct. 16!",politics
"She said the Uber driver threatened to rape her if she told anyone what happened. But she did tell, calling 911 and reporting the alleged assault to Uber. In the following days, her injuries began to heal but she feared he'd be allowed back on the road — and that’s exactly what happened. It was a warm summer evening in Seattle around 8 or 9 p.m. on Aug. 3 when the vacationing 41-year-old woman — whom BuzzFeed News is not naming due to her fears for her safety — summoned an Uber to take her from the Ballard neighborhood to her hotel. It took the driver some time to find her, she said, and when he pulled up, he was angry. As he drove her over one of the bridges that connects the neighborhood with the rest of the city, he was speeding — so much that she asked him to slow down because she was starting to feel sick. He drove faster, she said. “Then I got a little more stern and said, ‘Sir, if you don’t slow this car down, I will call the police,’” she recalled. On the other side of the bridge, he pulled over into an alley and stopped the vehicle. He walked around to the back passenger door, opened it, and grabbed her by her clothing, pulling her out of the car, she said. “I can’t think, I can’t react, I don’t know what’s going on,” she recalled. The driver, whose name was not disclosed to BuzzFeed News, pushed her into a railing, causing her to fall, she said. As she got up, he pushed her again, she said. She remained there as he took her suitcase out of the car and began smashing it onto the ground, thinking that if she stayed quiet, he’d leave, she said. Instead, he got on top of her, she said. “He starts to rub my genitals very hard,” she said. “It was above my clothes, but then he started to penetrate a bit. He had started to mess around with my skirt.” She thought he was going to rape her. She told him to stop, or get off. Instead, he struck her on the side of the head, she said. “I have never been hit that hard in my life,” she said. “I was seeing black.” He then k",tech
"This year, with deadly wildfires in California and damaging hurricanes in North Carolina and Florida, it got even harder for Americans to deny the inevitable forces of climate change.  The world has as little as 12 years to get our act together, according to the newest report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. And at the year’s biggest climate talks in Poland, countries failed to come up with new plans to tackle the problem.  When a dire report put together by the US government, the Fourth National Climate Assessment, said global warming would likely lead to a major economic recession, President Trump said, “I don’t believe it.” (Perhaps not surprising, tax filings from 2016 revealed that the Mercer family, conservative megadonors, funded climate denial groups.)  Meanwhile, the Trump administration rolled back a whole lot of climate and environment rules. A long, but incomplete list: The administration ended rules to curb coal plant pollution, car and truck pollution, and methane leaks; restricted the use of scientific studies in its decision-making; and loosened safety rules for trains carrying oil and offshore drilling. If you’re thinking about how and whether to take on a 30-year mortgage with these changes looming, BuzzFeed News made interactive maps to help you see how sea level rise or wildfires might affect your home in 2050. Celebrity astrophysicist and TV star Neil deGrasse Tyson. Celebrity atheist and Arizona State University physicist Lawrence Krauss. Salk Institute cancer biologist Inder Verma. University of California, Santa Cruz philosopher Gopal Balakrishnan. Vanderbilt neuroscientist David Sweatt. Columbia neuroscientist Thomas Jessell. New York University surgeon Mark Adelman. Dartmouth neuroscience professors Todd Heatherton, William Kelley, and Paul Whalen. And more. Preliminary data from the CDC suggests that around 50,000 people will have died this year from opioid overdoses. The crisis has driven an HIV outbreak and is a signif",science
"While tripping heavily off a strong dose of shroom-laced yogurt, Ilana Wexler, one of the two titular broads in Comedy Central’s Broad City, stands in front of a bathroom mirror. She’s about to have a threesome, but her typically horny self can’t seem to get in the mood. “I’m brave and I am super cool,” she proclaims. “It’s me...Nicki Minashkenazi!” merging the inimitable rapper’s moniker with that of Ilana’s own Eastern European Jewish heritage. This scene, from the fourth season, is a perfect snapshot of Ilana’s bombastic attitude. She’s brashly self-confident, charmingly narcissistic, and also, notably, unabashedly Jewish. Broad City’s final episode airs tonight, bringing five seasons of wild stoner hijinks to a close with a resounding exhale. The show, which debuted on Comedy Central in 2014 after years as a cult web series, ushered in a brand of humor that was slapstick and bawdy while also being deeply compassionate toward its two stars. Best friends Abbi (Abbi Jacobson), an artsy klutz with the “ass of an ageless angel,” and Ilana (Ilana Glazer), a sex-positive extrovert with a trail of job dismissals, fail at many things. But they always seem to do so with the flair of a modern-day Laverne and Shirley; instead of belting out “Schlemiel! Schlimazel!,” they’re falling headfirst down a crevasse between two buildings (a real thing that happened to Abbi this season). Another way to describe the show? Hella Jewish. Jewish humor isn’t exactly a new addition to popular culture, and the list of Broad City’s television predecessors, from Rhoda to Seinfeld, is long. But Abbi and Ilana’s particular take on the contemporary Jewish experience resonates deeply with me, as a millennial Jewish woman. They Skype through the final hours of a Yom Kippur fast; Ilana screams “this is the happiest day of my liiiiife!” in response to learning that Abbi is pegging her hot neighbour — at her grandmother’s shiva. Traditionally, Jewish humor has centered around tropes of guilt and self",reader
"Well, damn. On auditions: On balloons: On spoons: On silence: On autocorrect: On time: On chicken: On oranges: On mouths: On aging: On sleep: On dogs: On Uber: On boomerangs: On atoms: On fingers: On skeletons: On epic battles: On shit: On discourse: On falling: On pancakes: On nursery rhymes: On sand: On speech: On lasers: And on life:",health
"WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's administration said it will not participate in any interviews or requests in the House's impeachment inquiry, using a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Democratic committee chairs on Tuesday evening to call the probe unconstitutional. ""Given that your inquiry lacks any legitimate constitutional foundation, any pretense of fairness, or even the most elementary due process protections, the Executive Branch cannot be expected to participate in it,"" White House counsel Pat Cipollone wrote in the letter. In a call with reporters shortly after the letter was sent, a senior administration official confirmed the administration plans to block all testimony and document requests related to the inquiry going forward ""under the current circumstance."" ""The administration will have a full halt because this is not a valid procedure for going about an impeachment inquiry,"" the official said. But the official declined to say whether that could change and would also not outline what the White House would want changed in order to agree to cooperate in the probe. “We don’t want to speculate about hypotheticals or draw red lines. We’re definitely not saying — we’re avoiding saying that there’s no way we’ll ever cooperate,"" the official said. In his letter to the House, Cipollone argued that the impeachment inquiry is unconstitutional in part because the Trump administration does not have access to witnesses or the ability to cross-examine them. He also wrote that House Democrats should give Republicans equal power to subpoena witnesses. Cipollone wrote that allowing administration officials to testify and provide documents to the House under those circumstances would ""inflict lasting institutional harm on the Executive Branch and lasting damage to the separation of powers"" and said that Democrats had ""left the President no choice."" ""Consistent with the duties of the President of the United States, and in particular his obligation to preserve ",politics
"Twitter invested in an Indian social platform that has previously been accused of not doing enough to curb the spread of hate speech and misinformation. ShareChat, the platform that Twitter invested in, is used by more than 60 million people in India and is available in 15 languages. It works similarly to Twitter but is not available in English. ShareChat has been notorious for being a hotbed of misinformation and hate speech, and earlier this year took steps to clean up the platform, including removing accounts and content that violate its community guidelines. Twitter was one of the two investors that led ShareChat's latest $100 million round of funding. Both companies declined to say how much of that money Twitter invested. According to an Economic Times report published in June, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey was personally involved in the deal. Unlike Twitter, which is primarily used by urban, English-speaking Indians, ShareChat users come from the country’s millions of small towns and villages, and post and consume content in more than a dozen regional languages. Over the last year, ShareChat has also become the platform of choice for India’s politicians to engage with the majority of the country’s citizens who do not speak English, in their own languages. “Twitter and ShareChat are aligned on the broader purpose of serving the public conversation, helping the world learn faster and solve common challenges,” Manish Maheshwari, Twitter India’s managing director, said in a statement. “This investment will help ShareChat grow and provide the company’s management team access to Twitter’s executives as thought partners.” ShareChat has been under fire for being a hotbed of malicious content and hate speech. Last year, a report in the Hindustan Times, one of India’s largest newspapers, showed that ShareChat was rife with fake news, misinformation, political and religious propaganda, and violent hate speech. ShareChat executives have defended this content, saying that they “",tech
"Climate change is creeping onto the list of airport miseries, with rising seas and storm surges threatening some of the nation’s busiest runways over the next century. “A lot of our major airports are in low-lying coastal areas,” Jennifer Jacobs, the lead author on the transportation chapter in the Fourth National Climate Assessment, told BuzzFeed News. “They are right there at the front line.” Unfortunately, taking action is not easy or cheap. “You can’t just move an airport, and it’s difficult to raise it,” said Jacobs. Back in 2012, the Federal Aviation Administration identified 13 major airports with runways at risk of moderate to high storm surge and rising seas, spanning nine states and territories (California, Florida, Hawaii, New Orleans, New York, New Jersey, Philadelphia, Puerto Rico, and Virginia). That was the same year Superstorm Sandy put the Northeast on notice — Sandy was a historic storm that triggered flooding at the three major airports serving New York City: LaGuardia, JFK, and Newark. Of those three, LaGuardia was the worst hit by Sandy — and faces perhaps the biggest risk on the East Coast in the long term. According to a Climate Central analysis, even in a world that takes moderate emissions reductions, LaGuardia is largely in the so-called “risk zone” for annual flooding from rising seas by 2050. Other cities not impacted by Sandy also saw that storm as a wake-up call. “Our efforts were really driven by Hurricane Sandy,” said Peter DeBruin, climate mitigation and resiliency manager for the Massachusetts Port Authority, which oversees Boston Logan International Airport. If that storm had veered farther north, DeBruin said, Boston would have been impacted. The very next year Boston Logan International Airport started studying its climate vulnerabilities, and in 2014 started raising and waterproofing some of its facilities. One of its top priorities now is preparing the airport for the present-day worst-case scenario, which according to DeBruin ",science
"For frowsy eyebrows, use an old toothbrush. Brush upward and go with the grain. Ignore the tuft that forks the wrong way. One imperfection is charming. Draw the lipliner where the lips hit the skin — the soft borders above and below. Fill in the upper lip with a shimmery MAC: maybe “Icon” or “O.” Then drag both lips past one another. Kiss yourself into glamour! When walking in heels, simply pretend you’re not wearing shoes. Look up, look ahead, and stride forward, as if your feet are as bare as the day you were born, as bare as when we ran along Senanga Road together, raising red dust in our wake. A nail brush also works great for smoothing hair back in a bun. For shine, use some gel— L’Oréal Studio or Ampro Protein — the zigzaggy white bottle or the small brown tub. Unwanted hair is a plague upon the house of the body. Bleach, blades, and Nair will keep it at bay. Because we’re mixed race, our leg hairs curl at a slower rate. They dive under the skin and leave a thin black splinter or a knot — less ingrown than grown-back. Pinching them free with fingernails is deeply satisfying, though you’ll bleed, then scab, then scar. A stumble is just the broken ghost of a stride. Catch yourself and step right through it. O.B. tampons keep you in touch with your body. There is nothing shameful about your period. Here, let me show you how to use them. There is nothing shameful about your body. Black six-hole Docs look good with jeans, but they look even better with dresses. They’re super expensive, but if we each buy one, we can trade off every other day. Standing akimbo for pictures may seem cheesy, but it thins the upper arms like a hex. The body is not just a canvas; it’s a material that you can actually sculpt. Tattoos and piercings alter the skin, flesh grows and recedes and is moldable. You can learn to widen your eyes. You can stand a whole inch taller. You can breathe your lips into being. Relaxing, bleaching, and dyeing the hair on your head within the space of a week ",reader
This post was translated from Spanish.,health
"WASHINGTON — In the first major LGBTQ rights case to reach the US Supreme Court since he became a justice last year, Justice Brett Kavanaugh gave little away during arguments on Tuesday, asking only one question. The court heard two cases about whether a federal law prohibiting “sex”-based discrimination in the workplace protects people from being fired simply because of their sexual orientation or gender identity — the case turns on whether the justices conclude those are rooted in a person’s “sex.” Kavanaugh replaced Anthony Kennedy, who by the time he retired in 2018 had become not only the court’s swing vote, but also a leading proponent for the rights of LGBTQ individuals; Kennedy wrote the opinion that legalized same-sex marriage. Civil rights advocates feared that Kavanaugh, as Trump’s second Supreme Court appointee, would move the court further to the right on a number of issues, including LGBTQ rights. But Kavanaugh gave no real clues about what he’s thinking during arguments on Tuesday. The court heard two sets of cases — first, whether Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which protects workers against discrimination from private employers based on “sex,” protects workers based on their sexual orientation, and second, whether the law protects workers who are transgender. Kavanaugh’s lone question was directed at Jeffrey Harris, who argued on behalf of employers in the sexual orientation cases. Kavanaugh asked if Harris was drawing a distinction between the “literal” and “ordinary” meaning of “because of sex” in the context of sex-based discrimination. Harris said he was not, and then moved on to another point. Kavanaugh didn’t follow up or elaborate on why he’d asked the question. In both cases, the employers, with support from the Trump administration, argued that interpreting Title VII’s prohibition against discrimination based on “sex” to include discrimination against LGBTQ workers would be going beyond what Congress had intended. When Congress ",politics
"Last March, within minutes of the Christchurch mosque attacks, footage from the shooter’s livestream began circulating on the meme-sharing app and site iFunny. The site’s users, predominantly white young men and teenage boys, declared the shooter a hero. They photoshopped him to look like Jesus. One user re-created the entire attack as a Minecraft simulation. And, according to a current moderator for iFunny, there wasn’t a thing he could do about it. “Our app was so filled to the brim with [reuploaded] footage from the livestream, I was actually losing sleep at night,” the moderator told BuzzFeed News. “Their screams were burned into my mind.” In the hours immediately following the attack, the site’s COO told him and the other volunteer moderators to leave up the footage of the shooting, as well as content that glorified the killer. Only days later did the site reverse course, under external pressure. “Moderators were not even allowed to remove all clips of the livestream from the app until certain governments started declaring possession of the footage a crime,” said the moderator, who requested anonymity to speak freely. An iFunny spokesperson denied that extremist content is allowed to remain on the site, saying that it is removed within a day of being reported: “All content of mass shootings is bannable as ‘death/gore’ if it shows victims or potential victims.” This week, authorities charged Justin Olsen, an 18-year-old Youngstown, Ohio, resident with threatening a federal officer for posts he made on a Discord server full of other iFunny users and which he advertised from an iFunny account full of memes calling for attacks on Planned Parenthood and a holy war between Christian and Muslims. Law enforcement seized 15 rifles, 10 semiautomatic pistols, and 10,000 rounds of ammunition from Olsen’s father’s home on Aug. 7, according to court documents made public this week. Said the moderator, “I sincerely fear the next El Paso–type shooter will come from the depths ",tech
"The cardboard box looked unassuming, but as soon as Cristin Kearns opened it, she knew she was onto something juicy. Inside were documents donated to Colorado State University’s library by a corporation that didn’t exist anymore, one whose local beet sugar factories had shut down by the 1980s. Decades after those closures, in 2009, Kearns flipped open the top manila folder. The first sheet of paper was a 1975 tip sheet from a sugar trade group to sugar company executives, marked “CONFIDENTIAL.” It gave instructions on how to talk to the press about a pro-sugar series of scientific studies — research funded by the trade group, a fact that had not been disclosed at the time. The memo was just one of many gems uncovered in the course of a sprawling investigation into the sugar industry. For decades, Kearns and a cadre of researchers have discovered, Big Sugar sought to influence journalists, scientists, and regulators with the effect of delaying research into its product’s potentially harmful health effects. As a former dentist, Kearns had seen some of those harms firsthand. But to drill down to what seemed to be the root cause — how the sugar industry grew so powerful and ubiquitous in the first place — she hung up her dental coat to become a unique blend of investigative journalist, historian, and health researcher. She now crosses the country in search of libraries with formerly confidential archives from now-defunct sugar manufacturers, trade groups, scientists, consultants, and executives. By combing through thousands of pages of internal documents, Kearns and her team have gained unprecedented clarity into the machinations of the sugar industry during the mid-20th century. They’ve found, for example, that a trade group knew as early as the 1950s that sugar caused tooth decay. But when the group went on to work closely with the federal government on a program about strategies to fight decay, it downplayed the most obvious, cutting out sugar. Another time, the grou",science
"More than four decades after it entered the lexicon, the phrase “drinking the Kool-Aid” has slowly become detached from its referent: the Jonestown Massacre of November 18, 1978. On that day, more than 900 members of a California social movement known as Peoples Temple died in a mass murder–suicide at the Peoples Temple Agricultural Project in Jonestown, Guyana. The suicides occurred shortly after armed members of the Temple ambushed a party of defectors as they attempted to board two airplanes in nearby Port Kaituma along with congressman Leo Ryan, who had gone to Jonestown to check up on some of his constituents. The hitmen killed Rep. Ryan — to date the only congressman assassinated in the line of duty — as well as one of the defectors and three members of the press. Altogether, the Jonestown Massacre was the largest loss of American civilian life on a single day until the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. Many of those who took their lives in a purported act of “revolutionary suicide” — a phrase that Temple founder Jim Jones had misappropriated from Black Panther Huey Newton — did so by knowingly ingesting Flavor-Aid laced with tranquilizers and cyanide. They believed their “last stand” was a statement posterity would remember: the Temple’s final position was that it was better to die together, as socialists united to the cause of equality and freedom, than be forced to return to the racist, sexist, and classist society they had left behind in the United States. Although the stated reasons for the dramatic mass suicide are not often remembered, the method of self-annihilation certainly is: since 1978, the idiom “drinking the Kool-Aid” has been used to denote behavior that exhibits blind and unquestioning obedience to an individual or organization. Although the Jonestown murder-suicides took place in a small Socialist country on another continent, the inescapable and indelible imagery of the tragedy — in which Americans saw hundreds of bloated bodies strew",reader
"You can also read more about her experiences with menstruation on Medium. She told BuzzFeed, ""I’ve traveled the world by myself, attended four universities, and owned a yoga studio and a business teaching women how to lift weights online. Now, I’m a sex coach. Because sex is an area that is so shamed in our society, we tend to hold a lot of our emotions in that area – I always say that when I coach someone around their sex life, their entire life opens up."" ""Like most women, I used to be embarrassed of my period – being paranoid that people would see a stain through my clothing, or that I would stain my boyfriend's sheets. It felt like a disgusting and annoying thing my body did,"" said Demetra. She said, ""I had a copper IUD for a while and it made my periods go from painless to incredibly painful. Now, five years after it was removed, my periods are still very painful, and I have a lot of symptoms of endometriosis."" ""I have friends who paint with menstrual blood and give it back to the earth. I was considering other ways we could connect with it more deeply. In many ancient cultures, they believed menstrual blood was incredibly powerful. Also, many celebrities sometimes get blood facials – and menstrual blood in particular is full of stem cells and nutrients that are made to support a baby, so it is good for your skin."" ""People have equated it to putting poop on my face, which just validates for me how uneducated our culture is about what blood actually contains. People also claim that I’m doing it for attention, acting like attention is a bad thing and not a basic human need. Of course I want my message to get attention, because I think it's important."" ""I also want adult women to not feel repulsed by their own bodies. I’ve gotten a lot of messages from women who can’t touch their own periods, and I think it’s sad that our bodies literally create life but we still can’t love them,"" she said. ""Our disgust toward our bodies is not innate – it is a learned societal be",health
"BEAUFORT, South Carolina — Joe Biden’s sister — one of his closest political advisers — called President Donald Trump “unhinged” Tuesday as she talked about how Trump’s unfounded attacks on her brother and nephew are affecting her family. Valerie Biden Owens made the remarks during a meet-and-greet with voters at a home in South Carolina’s Lowcountry. After a 20-minute speech inside a packed dining room, Gene Rugala of Beaufort asked Biden Owens how her brother, the former vice president, was dealing with an impeachment inquiry focused on how Trump asked Ukraine’s government to investigate Biden and his son, Hunter. “Well, I can tell you that he does better than I do with it,” Biden Owens said. “It’s not pleasant. But Trump has really laid out all of his cards. This is really not about my family. He has chosen my family to be the vehicle that he can [use to] influence the election.” Biden Owens spoke during two days of campaign stops in South Carolina. While she doesn’t have the formal title now, Biden Owens managed her brother’s Senate campaigns and earlier presidential runs. She also helped raise her brother’s sons after his first wife and daughter died in a car crash in 1972. Trump and some of his allies have raised accusations that, as vice president, Biden pushed for the removal of a Ukrainian prosecutor because they said the prosecutor was investigating Hunter Biden’s business dealings in the country. There is no evidence that that is the case, and Biden was one of many officials from Western governments and institutions who wanted the prosecutor out. The attacks have pushed the Biden family into the spotlight, something Joe Biden was mindful might happen before deciding to run for president. The attacks also have the potential to raise doubts among voters. Rugala, who is uncommitted, told BuzzFeed News before Biden Owens’ speech that he is worried the accusations are “going to hurt” Biden’s candidacy. “This is a wild time,” Rugala said. But Biden and his alli",politics
"The Drudge Report, with its Web 1.0 design offering a single page of links, is one of the enduring internet media business success stories. Two decades after rising to prominence for breaking news of the Bill Clinton–Monica Lewinsky affair, it remains one of the most popular websites in the United States and a key source of right-wing ideas for its readers, including President Donald Trump. Owner Matt Drudge is also still adept at attracting attention, such as last week when his was the only major news site to post the El Paso, Texas, Walmart shooter’s manifesto. But the site has always resisted the temptation to build anything beyond the simplest business of selling display advertising on a single homepage. Now, Drudge has quietly flipped the switch on perhaps the biggest change he’s ever made: He’s ditched his longtime advertising partner for a new representative, in the process revealing new details about his business and attracting scrutiny of how his site operates. The reclusive publisher does not disclose revenue figures, but estimates put the site’s annual haul well into the realm of millions of dollars per year. Pathmatics, a marketing intelligence platform, estimates that over the past 12 months the site generated more than $30 million in ad revenue. Another estimate from the Global Disinformation Index, to be published in a report next month, pegs revenue at $9 million per year. In a surprising turn, Drudge Report removed ads between the end of May and mid-July, according to Danny Rogers, a cofounder of the Global Disinformation Index, a project that’s analyzing domains to generate “risk ratings of the world’s media sites.” After noticing an absence of ads on Drudge around May 31, “we didn’t see any ads on Drudge until about July 12,” Rogers told BuzzFeed News. During that period, Drudge cast off his advertising representative of close to 20 years, Intermarkets, in favor of a new and unknown company, Granite Cubed. It has no record in the digital ad indust",tech
"It’s not just you — people are prone to moods during the holidays, and more than half feel some stress and fatigue during the final weeks of the year. “The holiday blues are real,” said Elaine Rodino, a psychologist in private practice in State College, Pennsylvania. Travel, dealing with family, and spending money are among the top reasons some people feel less than jolly over the holidays. It’s typically not clinical depression, Rodino said — more of a malaise or dread over the storybook moments of Christmas: shopping, the family dinner, and opening presents. “If one were to devise an experimental set of circumstances which would test the integrity of an individual’s mood control, one would invent the year-end holiday season,” wrote psychiatrist Jonathan Himmelhoch of the Western Psychiatric Institute and Clinic nearly four decades ago in a report on the holiday blues, calling such feelings a predictable, genuine reaction to the season. “You may find yourself fighting over the remote with a sibling you haven’t seen in a year,” psychologist Pauline Wallin, author of Taming Your Inner Brat: A Guide for Transforming Self-Defeating Behavior, told BuzzFeed News. “Of course it is not about the remote, but power and competition, and the feelings around sibling rivalry.” “Have a plan for dealing with it,” she advised. If you know one relative is going to be a problem, for example, think ahead on how you want to deal with them to feel better about yourself at the end of the holiday, perhaps by watching a movie or spending time with the nieces and nephews instead of joining a family argument. “Emotional detachment is bad for resolving conflicts in close relationships, but for getting through short-term ones, it’s not a bad solution,” she said. Imagine you are watching a movie of people arguing (“or Mike Pence watching the president argue,” she joked) instead of jumping in the middle of the long-running family dispute. “And if you can feel compassion for that grumpy uncle who",science
"A couple of years ago, like many thirtysomething women who live in big cities and spend time on the internet, Caroline, a real estate agent who lives in Los Angeles, got interested in skin care. She’d never cared about the subject before, but suddenly, it seemed to be everywhere. She started following Rio Viera-Newton’s column on the Strategist and began stocking her bathroom cabinets with serums and essences. Eventually, though, Caroline came to a point where progress stalled: Her face stopped looking better and better with each new product. “I plateaued,” she says now. “And I was like, I guess injectables are the next step.” So she went to see Dr. Jason Diamond, a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon who’s been featured on shows like Dr. 90210 and has treated everyone from Katy Perry to Chrissy Teigen. Dr. Diamond injected a filler called Voluma into Caroline’s cheeks, which not only made her cheekbones look higher and more pronounced, but pulled the skin upward to minimize the appearance of laugh lines around her nose and mouth. He also plumped up her top lip with a different filler, and then injected Botox into her forehead to paralyze the muscles as a preventive measure against developing wrinkles. “I couldn’t even tell you how much it cost,” Caroline says. “Because I basically blacked out when I saw the bill.” Still, she liked the results enough that, after Dr. Diamond’s work wore off several months later, she sought out a less expensive practice in Manhattan Beach to continue getting fillers and Botox done. Diamond is one of a handful of plastic surgeons and cosmetic dermatologists who’ve made names for themselves on Instagram for their ability to work what looks like magic with nothing more than numbing cream and syringes. On these doctors’ social media pages, where follower counts range from the tens of thousands into the millions, you can watch them inject their patients — largely, though not exclusively, young women — with fillers meant to sharpen their jawlines",reader
"GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip — Women confronting breast cancer are being hit hard after the Trump administration stopped USAID programs benefiting Palestinians, say aid groups, doctors, health care workers, and patients. The US effectively stopped government aid programs benefiting Palestinians in February, and humanitarian aid groups and hospital administrators in Gaza and Jerusalem say aid cuts are doing serious harm to vulnerable patients at a time when health care systems used by Palestinians are already heavily strained. Aid funding from the US totaling hundreds of millions of dollars benefiting Palestinians were cut off last year before Washington effectively ended aid to the West Bank and Gaza last month, moves critics say have had a devastating impact on health care programs, politicizing human health. Among the programs stopped as a result of the cuts is one that was optimistically dubbed Gaza Health Matters 2020, a $50 million project that was supposed to run for five years, providing prenatal care for Palestinian women, treating the injured in Gaza, and funding mammograms and biopsies for women. “For the women who needed biopsies, we did 5 or 6 but then just stopped,” said Eman Shanan, the founder of an organization called Aid and Hope, a local NGO that works to help Gazan women seek breast cancer treatment and diagnosis, and was the primary NGO implementing the Gaza Health Matters program with USAID funds along with the Al-Ahli Hospital in Gaza. Shanan, who herself survived breast cancer, knows firsthand how difficult it is for Gazan women to seek diagnosis and treatment for the illness. Because of cultural stigmas, they will have to deal with pressure from their families and may lack funds to seek diagnosis or treatment, she said. Cancer treatment options in Gaza are also severely limited because of chronic drug shortages and lack of access to certain kinds of treatments, like radiotherapy, and obtaining permits to travel to Jerusalem to seek treatment can be ",health
"WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's accounting firm must turn over eight years of the president's tax returns to a grand jury in New York, a federal judge ruled Monday. Trump immediately appealed. A federal appeals court agreed to temporarily delay enforcing the lower court judge's decision while that case goes forward, which means the grand jury and state prosecutors in New York won't get Trump's tax returns just yet. US District Judge Victor Marrero dismissed Trump's lawsuit challenging a grand jury subpoena issued by New York District Attorney Cyrus Vance. He wrote that Trump's argument for complete presidential immunity from a criminal investigation was ""repugnant to the nation's governmental structure and constitutional value."" ""Bared to its core, the proposition the President advances reduces to the very notion that the Founders rejected at the inception of the Republic, and that the Supreme Court has since unequivocally repudiated: that a constitutional domain exists in this country in which not only the President, but, derivatively, relatives and persons and business entities associated with him in potentially unlawful private activities, are in fact above the law,"" Marrero wrote. The district attorney's office had agreed not to enforce the subpoena until 1 p.m. on Monday while the two sides waited for the judge to rule. Trump's lawyers appealed Marrero's decision to the US Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit immediately after the ruling came down Monday morning. The decision is the latest setback for Trump in his bid to stop his opponents in Congress and at the state level from getting his financial records. Federal judges have previously rejected Trump's challenges to congressional subpoenas to his accounting firm and banks; those decisions are already pending before appeals courts. In the latest case, filed in the US District Court for the Southern District of New York, Trump challenged a grand jury subpoena issued to Trump's longtime accounting firm, ",politics
"Endearing and a bit nerdy, right? In 2018, the Victorian government helped publish a huge set of data about passengers using Myki — the state's public transport card — as part of the Melbourne Datathon. The dataset showed when cards were used to touch on and touch off in Victoria's public transport system between 2015 and 2018. It included more than 15 million cards, and nearly two billion instances of people touching on and off. The data was ""de-identified"", meaning the Myki card numbers and the names of their users were not included. But each card was given an ID, and the publicly released data included the card type, the time its user touched on or off, and location information such as stop IDs. The researchers, from Melbourne University, knew that Carbines' electorate office was just down the road from Rosanna railway station. State parliamentarians have a special type of Myki card. The researchers figured out that only two people with this kind of card had visited Rosanna train station. One had only been there once, but the other frequently commuted between Rosanna and the city. To confirm this card belonged to Carbines (and with his consent), they looked up his tweets, by searching his handle and the word ""train"". They found 18 — and all of them matched a record in the dataset. ""It is overwhelmingly unlikely that this is a coincidental resemblance to a different person,"" they wrote in a new research paper about the experiment. ""We take the privacy of Victorians very seriously,"" Weimar said. ""Careful sharing of data makes an important contribution to how we improve transport services for all Victorians — it's vital we continue to update our privacy protections."" The department is also developing a new privacy and research ethics framework, which will be reviewed by the commissioner. The researchers were also able to identify their own movements, along with a man who had travelled with lead researcher Chris Culnane on one occasion. They are now warning that even",tech
"Necklaces and bracelets used to provide sensory stimulation or relieve a baby's teething pain may pose serious health hazards and can be deadly for children, the FDA said on Thursday. Following reports of injuries and one death associated with the jewelry, the agency is warning parents and caregivers to avoid giving these items to babies and toddlers. According to the agency, a 7-month-old infant choked on wooden beads from a teething bracelet but was taken to the hospital and survived. In another case, an 18-month-old child died after being strangled by a teething necklace during a nap.  Teething jewelry includes beaded necklaces, bracelets, or anklets that can be worn by either the infant or an adult. The jewelry is made up of different material, such as amber, wood, or silicone, and is produced and sold by a huge number of manufacturers, according to the FDA. These products can be soothing and entertaining for children, which makes them a popular choice among tired parents and caregivers everywhere. The jewelry is often used to relieve the pain from teething, or when an infant's first set of teeth grow in, which can cause gum soreness and irritability — aka a very fussy baby. It can be used to prevent children from chewing on clothes or body parts, like fingers or tongues. Teething jewelry can also provide sensory stimulation to children or adults with special needs, such as autism or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, known as ADHD, the FDA noted.  However, the agency warned that the jewelry should not be used for either of these purposes because of the health risks, which include choking, strangulation, and injuries to the mouth. The jewelry may have beads or small parts that can break off and become swallowed or cause cuts inside the mouth that lead to further irritation or infection. The agency noted that strangulation can occur if the teething necklace is worn around the infant's neck and becomes wrapped too tightly or catches on something, such as a ",science
"“My brother’s brave / My brother’s wise / My brother doesn’t like girls / He likes guys.” So begins the hit single “My Brother's Gay” performed by fictional tween heartthrob Chase Dreams (played by TikTok star Case Walker), whose skyrocketing fame bewilders his two older siblings — newly single, self-involved Brooke and the song’s inspiration, struggling actor Cary — in Comedy Central’s new sitcom The Other Two. The song, a fitting send-up of “love is love” rhetoric, and Cary’s conflicted reaction to it, captures what the show, created by former SNL head writers Chris Kelly and Sarah Schneider, does so well. Initially wary of the video’s effect on his career (and his relationship with his grandma), Cary eventually comes around to accepting that its success makes him a gay icon. Or, at the very least, a camp joke: the kind of thing gays love but make fun of (“like Britney,” he’s told). A biting satire about the state of fame and celebrity in 2019, The Other Two is also arguably one of the most astute television portrayals of what it’s like to be a gay man living in a big city. At first glance Cary Dubek looks like many other gay male characters who have graced the small screen this past decade. Like Difficult People’s Billy Epstein (Billy Eichner) and Girls’ Elijah Krantz (Andrew Rannells), Cary is a white actor living in New York who is still waiting for his big break. When we first meet him in the show’s pilot, he’s auditioning for “Man at Party Who Smells Fart,” a far cry from his high school heydays when he played Tevye in Fiddler on the Roof. But while Billy and Elijah prided themselves on their quick-witted sass, arguably a defense mechanism to survive the ruthlessness of the city and of their chosen careers, Cary is decidedly demure. He’s the kind of fumbling, slightly insecure guy who gets his sister to shave his lower back hair before appearing shirtless on TV, and who pines for his super-hot straight roommate, and bumbles away any opportunity for deep conne",reader
"I've always had a love-hate relationship with fitness, food, and my body. I never thought I was big or strong enough, and I seriously questioned the way I looked and felt. This resulted in a severe lack of confidence. I did not think I deserved to feel good. After countless attempts to gain weight and muscle but never really succeeding, I enlisted the help of trainer and registered dietitian Albert Matheny, founder of SoHo Strength Lab and ProMix Nutrition. I've researched enough about working out to know that if your body is telling you ""no,"" you should listen to it. Some days you'll be physically or mentally drained, other days you might be sick, and other days you might just want to sleep in. There will always be things that may get in the way of your healthy lifestyle, so you should try to give your mind and body the break they need so you can recharge. There was a time last year that was really tough for me. Due to a lot of stress and anxiety, I lost a bunch of weight and muscle mass that I had worked so hard to gain (top-right picture). Even though I was still working out and watching what I ate, I wasn't as strong as I used to be. The gym started to feel more like a chore instead of something that I genuinely liked to do. I felt stuck. It took a while for me to get back into the swing of things and feel motivated again (I succeeded in large part thanks to my pull-up challenge), but I learned that this whole thing is a process. Your body will change – sometimes the way you want it to, and sometimes the way you don't want it to. You will hit plateaus. All of that is totally normal and okay. I'm not a nutritionist. I struggle with knowing what to eat just like everyone else, and I didn't start the nutrition portion of my journey until after I got comfortable with the fitness aspect. It was important for me to get into a steady workout routine first, rather than completely overhauling my lifestyle and changing every little thing at the same time. Small, consisten",health
"A second whistleblower said to have direct information about President Donald Trump's dealings with Ukraine that have become the center of an impeachment inquiry has come forward, an attorney said Sunday morning. ""I can confirm that my firm and my team represent multiple whistleblowers in connection to the underlying August 12, 2019, disclosure to the Intelligence Community Inspector General,"" said attorney Andrew Bakaj, the lead attorney for the first whistleblower. ""No further comment at this time."" According to a first whistleblower complaint made public last month, Trump abused ""his office for personal gain"" by asking the president of Ukraine during a phone call to investigate a political rival, leaving them ""deeply disturbed."" The whistleblower said in the complaint that they were not a ""direct witness"" to these events, but said they found the events credible because ""multiple officials recounted fact patterns that were consistent with one another."" Trump has rejected allegations that he did anything improper on the phone call, calling it ""perfect"" and criticizing the first whistleblower for not having firsthand information. The second whistleblower, however, is said to have direct knowledge about the president's dealings with Ukraine, according to attorney Mark Zaid. The news comes after text messages released late Thursday by House Democrats revealed top US diplomats to Ukraine discussing a quid pro quo at the heart of the impeachment inquiry into Trump: that aid to the country — in the form of either military funding or the president's support — would be withheld until it did the bidding of the president's personal political interests. The exchanges lay out groundwork for a quid pro quo between Trump and Ukraine's new president, Volodymyr Zelensky, and support the heart of a whistleblower's narrative that Trump ""abused his office for personal gain."" In a July 25 phone call, the US president asked his Ukrainian counterpart to help dig up dirt on former vice p",politics
"This week, an 18-year-old Ohio man was charged with threatening a federal officer. This came after law enforcement seized 15 rifles, 10 semiautomatic pistols, and 10,000 rounds of ammunition from his home. Justin Olsen came to the attention of authorities in the same way that several young white men who allegedly threatened to carry out mass shootings have — he posted about it online. The difference? Olsen’s main internet hangout wasn’t 8chan or Gab, but the meme-sharing website and app iFunny, where he posted under the name ArmyOfChrist, according to court documents. Olsen’s iFunny account, it turns out, was just one node in a roiling hive of far-right activity. As of Wednesday, ArmyOfChrist was still online and had over 5,000 subscribers. In the 200 posts on Olsen’s account, which were viewed by BuzzFeed News, he raged against feminists, progressives, the LGBTQ community, and religious and ethnic minorities, and repeatedly called for the establishment of a Christian ethnostate. Many of the memes he posted were fixated on the Crusades, fantasizing about a religious war between Christians and Muslims. Olsen used his account to advertise a personal Discord channel, which had about 40 participants in it. It was in the Army Of Christ Discord that Olsen wrote, “In conclusion, shoot every federal agent on sight.” Olsen’s server was active until Tuesday, after inquires from BuzzFeed News. Discord did not respond to requests for comment. Since its creation in 2011, iFunny has been largely ignored by the mainstream internet. But the app, which is number 62 in the Entertainment category in Apple’s App Store and popular with teen boys — is owned by Russian developer Okrujnost and run by David Chef, known as Cheffy by the iFunny community. BuzzFeed News has reached out to Chef for comment. iFunny, which is available online and as an app, is divided into sections featuring content curated by moderators, as well as a section to follow subscribed accounts. Visiting the site revea",tech
"The average man or woman in the US is no longer just overweight, but can now be classified as just shy of being obese. The average woman in the US was 170.6 pounds and 5 feet 3 inches tall and the average man was 197.9 pounds and 5 feet 7 inches tall in 2016, according to new data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s National Center for Health Statistics.That’s an average weight gain of 6.8 pounds for women and 8.5 pounds for men in the last 18 years or so. In 2000, the average woman weighed 163.8 pounds and was 5 feet 3 inches tall, and the average man weighed 189.4 pounds and was 5 feet 7 inches in height.That means the body mass index (BMI) — a measure of weight for height — of men is now 29.1, and for women, it’s 29.6. A BMI of 30 or over is considered obese, while a BMI of 25 to 29 is considered overweight.The findings are from nine different surveys of more than 47,000 people ages 20 or older taken at 2-year intervals.Keep in mind that BMI isn’t really a great measure of obesity because it doesn’t take into account that muscle weighs more than the same volume of fat in the body. So some people — men or women who are very muscular for their height — can be classified as obese when in fact they are not. That said, it can be accurate for those of us who aren’t packed with muscle. About 40% of the US population can already be classified as obese. “This report gives a broader picture of what’s happening with weight and height overall compared to just a prevalence estimate,” Cynthia Ogden, an epidemiologist and branch chief with the CDC, told BuzzFeed News. She also noted the data are based on actual measurements taken by health professionals, not self-reports, which is useful because people tend to underestimate their weight and overestimate their height. Although BMI isn’t the best tool for assessing health because it can’t differentiate between fat and muscle mass (among other issues), Ogden said it’s a useful data point for large groups over tim",science
"Since 1985, the Whiting Foundation has given $50,000 to each of 10 emerging writers of fiction, nonfiction, poetry, and drama every year. Previous recipients of the Whiting Awards include Esmé Weijun Wang (2018), Alexander Chee (2003), and Colson Whitehead (2000). This year's winners were revealed at a ceremony on March 20. And here they are! Kayleb Rae Candrilli is author of What Runs Over and the winner of the 2016 Pamet River Prize from YesYes Books. They are also author of All the Gay Saints, forthcoming in 2020, and the winner of the 2018 Saturnalia Book Prize. Candrilli is published or forthcoming in Puerto del Sol, Booth, Rhino, among others. Candrilli was a 2015 Lambda literary emerging fellow in nonfiction and a 2017 fellow in poetry. They live in Philadelphia. Tyree Daye is a poet from Youngsville, North Carolina. He is the author of two poetry collections: River Hymns, 2017 APR/Honickman First Book Prize winner; and Cardinal, forthcoming from Copper Canyon Press in 2020. Daye is a 2017 Ruth Lilly finalist and Cave Canem fellow. Daye’s work has been published in Prairie Schooner, the New York Times, and Nashville Review. He won the 2019 Palm Beach Poetry Festival Langston Hughes fellowship, is the 2018–19 Diana and Simon Raab writer-in-residence, and is a 2019 Kate Tufts Discovery Award finalist. Hernan Diaz edits an academic journal for Columbia University and is the author of Borges, Between History and Eternity (Bloomsbury, 2012). His first novel, In the Distance, was a Publishers Weekly top-10 book of 2017; he was a finalistfor the 2018 PEN/Faulkner Award and the Pulitzer Prize. His fiction has been published by the Kenyon Review, Playboy, Granta, and the Paris Review. Michael R. Jackson holds a BFA and MFA in playwriting and musical theatre writing from the NYU Tisch School of the Arts. As a songwriter, he has seen his work performed everywhere from Joe’s Pub to the National Alliance for Musical Theatre. He wrote lyrics and cowrote book for the musica",reader
,health
"Even those who worked closely with Joe Biden cringed when he said the words. Just a year after leaving the White House, Joe Biden was sitting on stage at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington, DC, to present an article called “How to Stand Up to the Kremlin.” He had been answering questions for almost an hour when the moderator turned to the war in Ukraine and the prospects for peace. Among the things standing in the way, Biden said, was growing corruption. And then he told a story. Recounting a trip to Kyiv in late 2015, Biden described telling the then-president of Ukraine, Petro Poroshenko, that he had to fire the prosecutor general or the US would not release $1 billion in loan guarantees. “I looked at them and said, ‘I’m leaving in six hours,’” Biden told the crowd, taking a long look at his watch for effect. “‘If the prosecutor is not fired, you’re not getting the money.’ Well, son of a bitch.” Here the audience laughed. “He got fired.” Video of his statement quickly ricocheted around Ukraine and Russia. On January 24, the day after the event, it appeared on Russia Today, the Kremlin’s main external propaganda channel and a feeding house for rightwing conspiracy in the US. One week later, it was on Sputnik. Back then, it was presented as evidence of US meddling in the internal affairs of another country. Over the next 19 months, it morphed into a central pillar of a baseless conspiracy theory pushed by President Donald Trump and his allies that says Biden ordered the prosecutor’s firing because his son, Hunter, was on the board of a company the prosecutor was investigating. Three former officials who worked closely with Biden on Ukraine said they knew as soon as they watched the appearance that Biden had not spoken well. “It was classic Joe Biden,” said one former official. The remarks play into Biden’s desire to be the hero of the tales he tells. On the presidential campaign trail this year, he’s shown a tendency to exaggerate or conflate details. Hi",politics
"After years of complaints that YouTube is unfairly censoring LGBTQ content on its platform, a group of creators has filed a lawsuit against YouTube and its parent company, Google. Five LGBTQ channels have joined together for the suit, which alleges that YouTube has discriminated against them by hiding their videos, removing subscribers, and denying advertising. They say the platform unfairly targets any video tagged with words like ""gay,"" ""transgender,"" or ""bisexual,"" even when the videos have no mature content. The creators say YouTube's censorship — which violates the platform's own policies — has negatively impacted their viewership and their income. The plaintiffs are seeking class-action status for the suit. ""The policy that YouTube has is meant to be neutral. They say they’re not going to flag us because we’re an LGBT show,"" Celso Dulay told BuzzFeed News. Dulay runs the channel Glitter Bomb TV with his husband, Chris Knight. ""But it seems to be flagging us just because we’re LGBT."" For the couple, issues came up in 2016 when they had their ads for a holiday show denied over and over. It culminated in a call to a Google Ads customer service representative who said they were flagged for sexually explicit content and ""the gay thing,"" Dulay said. ""There’s nothing sexual about the show. It’s a news show,"" said Knight. Dulay said all the plaintiffs have experienced different issues, some overlapping, but the common denominator is that they're all LGBTQ creators creating LGBTQ content. The other plaintiffs include Queer Kid Stuff, an LGBTQ education channel; Watts the Safeword, which covers sex ed; Chase Ross, a transgender man known for his Trans 101 series; and BriaAndChrissy, a lesbian couple who make music and lifestyle content. The group's lawyer, Peter Obstler, told BuzzFeed News that although Google is a private company, YouTube supposedly operates according to the four values in its mission statement, including freedom of expression and freedom of opportunit",tech
"The holidays are supposed to be about family, friends, and fun — but sometimes the cheer can take a turn towards complete chaos. Between the winter weather, home decorating, candle lighting, and booze-filled parties, there are plenty of opportunities for things to go wrong.  Each year, there's an influx of emergency room visits related to everything from stringing up lights to opening gifts and cooking holiday treats. According to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), there were 18,400 holiday decorating-associated injuries seen in emergency rooms from November 2016 through January 2017. The most common injuries were falls (38%), lacerations (14%), and strains or sprains (18%). During the holiday season, there are about 200 decorating-related injuries each day, according to CPSC Acting Chairman Ann Marie Buerkle. We hope their stories serve as cautionary tales so you can stay safe — and emergency room staff can enjoy a night off — over the holidays.  (Although, of course, there are plenty of unavoidable accidents, injuries, and health events that can happen too.) I was making my Christmas tree by gluing ornaments to a peg board on my wall and accidentally hot glued an ornament to my fingers! This resulted in 2nd degree burns right on my fingertips and a hefty urgent care bill. It was totally worth it, though, because my cat-proof tree is beautiful and I’ll always have an entertaining Christmas story!  —jacielouvierea Since we didn’t have snow, my cousins and I tried to sled down our grandparents' stairs in a plastic box. My cousin went first and fell out about halfway down breaking her elbow, wrist, and two fingers before crashing into a table that had a fancy vase on top, which ended up falling on her head. What was in the vase? My great grandmother's ashes. —babyblubell9 It happened to my sister's boyfriend. Let’s call him Dean. On Christmas Eve many years ago, Dean drank an entire case of beer that afternoon and passed out. We didn't know he drank t",science
"According to Sam MacLaughlin, the manager of McNally Jackson Books in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, the lemon-yellow paperback of Irish writer Sally Rooney’s 2017 novel, Conversations With Friends, has been flying off the shelves, which bodes well for her next book, the upcoming Normal People, out in the US in April. “We sell tons and tons of it,” he said, noting that the striking cover — an Alex Katz painting of two young women staring at presumptive readers — has also played a part in its popularity. Some people hate it, he said, but it also pops in the bookstore. He added, “Lots of people have been coming in and asking whether we have Normal People and we have to say no, it’s not out until April. They’ve been asking about it since they see people reading it on the subway.” Over at Brooklyn’s Books Are Magic, Conversations With Friends remains on the best-seller list, sharing space with more recent releases like Michelle Obama’s Becoming, Marlon James’ Black Leopard, Red Wolf, and Esmé Weijun Wang’s The Collected Schizophrenias. A bookseller there mentioned that Rooney’s book is purchased primarily by young women who are college-aged to late thirties. “It’s so specific and it’s weirdly eternal,” says Slate book critic Laura Miller, discussing Rooney’s writing in the context of her debut, which seemingly came out of nowhere in 2017 and elevated the author to the status of millennial soothsayer — a writer born in 1991 who addresses life on the internet, as well as life after an economic crash, in novels driven by love and desire. Rooney’s early champions have included Zadie Smith, another once-wunderkind who told Elle magazine that she loves “debuts where you just can’t believe it’s a debut,” and says Conversations With Friends is a “nuanced page-turner.” In the Irish Times, Man Booker Prize winner Anne Enright described Normal People as “superb,” a book that “grows up under your eyes: it is so much wiser and more moral than you thought it would be.” So why are Rooney’s b",reader
"This dude who was ""trying to be nice"" by sending an unrequested dick video. This dude who calls everyone ""babe"" and, listen, IS A NICE GUY. This kind fella on Snapchat who thought his compliment deserved some sort of reward. This trying-to-be-nice guy who was shocked that someone didn't want to be labeled his ""gorgeous sunflower."" This ""pretty great guy"" who no one would consider to be an asshole. This dude who would've complained if he didn't get a text back but instead chose to complain because he did get cordial texts back, and he equated them to being led on. This nice AND intellectual guy who shockingly can't seem to understand why someone wouldn't wait to date him. This dude Zack on Bumble who can't seem to fucking muster the ability to not be a crazy person. This guy who literally asked why he couldn't get a second chance AND called someone ""worthless"" WITHIN THE SAME TEXT MESSAGE. This fella who would actually treat her right! This ""nice guy"" who should 100% have the police called on him immediately. This guy who is unlike 99.99% of fuck boys. This totally decent guy who was being given rides to work and thought that meant he deserved something more. And finally, this ""nice guy"" who at least got a lesson in how friendship works. H/T r/niceguys",health
"Sen. Bernie Sanders was released from a Las Vegas hospital Friday after suffering a heart attack earlier in the week, his campaign announced. “I want to thank the doctors, nurses, and staff at the Desert Springs Hospital Medical Center for the excellent care that they provided,"" Sanders said in a statement. ""After two and a half days in the hospital, I feel great, and after taking a short time off, I look forward to getting back to work.” The senators' physicians said in the statement from the campaign that Sanders had been diagnosed with a myocardial infarction, more commonly known as a heart attack. They said his stay in the hospital was ""uneventful with good expected progress."" Sanders, 78, went to the hospital Tuesday night after experiencing chest pain during a campaign event in the area. He was evaluated and had two stents inserted in a blocked artery, his campaign said Wednesday. His campaign at the time announced that it would postpone campaign events. Jane Sanders, the senator's wife, said in a statement Thursday that her husband was ""up and about"" in the hospital and is ""looking forward"" to the next Democratic presidential debate in Ohio on Oct. 15. ",politics
"Voice assistants seem simple. You say something like “Alexa” or “Hey Siri” followed by a request and then — bam! — your Discover Weekly starts playing over the speaker. But a human being could be listening to everything you say — and the tech companies want to hide those people from you. As we found out yesterday, Facebook paid outside contractors to transcribe voice memos from users who turned on chat transcription in the Messenger app. The company is the latest in a string, including Amazon, Google, Apple, and Microsoft, caught sending users’ audio to third-party firms for analysis. To experts, the news might not have come as a revelation. Among people who understand the mechanics of artificial intelligence–powered software, it’s well known that humans review verbal commands to improve speech recognition. But among the general public, there was a sense of shock: The big platforms are tapping into our microphones, and they aren’t telling us. Those reports seem to have produced changes. Today, Microsoft updated its privacy policy to explicitly say humans review user content, as a result of the practice made public by Motherboard. Facebook, meanwhile, told Bloomberg it paused human review “more than a week ago.” The Irish Data Protection Commission also launched an inquiry into the social media giant’s practices. But if it seems like the tech companies aren’t being clear with consumers, according to privacy and artificial intelligence experts, that’s because they aren’t. Most folks buying Google Homes and Echos from a mall kiosk aren’t aware. That’s in part because of the products’ “just like that!” marketing, but largely because Amazon, Google, Apple, Microsoft, and Facebook haven’t clearly told consumers what they do with their voice and video information. None of those companies’ data policies state that what we say and do in front of our voice assistants, internet-connected cameras, and messaging apps can be shown to strangers employed by the companies or their c",tech
"Health stories are important. Some give us hope, like a person who has overcome a serious illness or life challenge. Others we can learn from — like cautionary tales about what not to do or things we should avoid if we want to stay healthy. No matter what type of story it is, a health journey is highly personal, and it takes a brave person to share the details with the world. We are deeply grateful to all the people who shared their health experiences with us (or gave health practitioners permission to write about it in medical journals) this year so that we can learn a little more about the things that can affect the human body. Megan Rixson, a 20-year-old woman from the UK, knew something was wrong when her eyes started burning while getting eyelash extensions. It turns out she may have been given the wrong kind of glue during the process. She lost her vision for two scary hours. Dr. Samuel D. Pierce, an optometrist and the president of the American Optometric Association, told BuzzFeed News that there a quite a few things that can go wrong while you are getting extensions, including allergic reactions. He recommended seeking help if you have any eye redness or discomfort after getting your eyelashes done. A perfectly pleasant trip to a beach in Florida turned into a horror show for Michael Dumas, a teen from Tennessee. He was on a trip with his church group when they buried him in the sand.  Soon after, his body broke out in strange red bumps, and doctors eventually figured out he had hookworm.  Want to know more about this parasite? The CDC has details on what hookworm is, how it spreads, and how to avoid it. Strange but true! Doctors fished an eye contact out of a 42-year-old woman's eye. The lens had been there for 28 long years. She had no idea it was there, but she went to doctors after experiencing swelling, drooping, and a strange pea-sized lump. A MRI scan revealed what seemed to be a cyst. The cyst was removed, and inside was a single rigid gas permeable",science
"Set against the background of Denver, the stories of Kali Fajardo-Anstine's Sabrina & Corina follow indigenous women in relation to their home. In some cases the land holds histories these women long to escape; in others, it changes so rapidly as to disorient those who call it home. Fajardo-Anstine's prose blossoms on the page; her scenes and characters develop so vividly that they're likely to leave an impression lasting long after you stop reading. Favorite passage: ""She said people will find the loveliest part of you and try to make it ugly. 'And they will do anything,' she always said, 'to own that piece of you.'"" Get it from Amazon for $17.10, Barnes & Noble for $18.20, or find it at Indiebound or your local library. Binnie Kirshenbaum's Rabbits for Food — her first novel in 10 years — is a burst of energy, following a middle-aged woman's mental breakdown and subsequent hospitalization. The aftermath is often hilarious. Our narrator examines her surroundings — the eccentric patients and doctors, the absurd daily activities, the Kafkaesque system — with a blunt and biting wit that leaves little room for sentimentality. It might make her seem plain mean, if she weren't also directing that judgment at herself. Favorite passage: ""Although she cannot bring herself to say so in these words, Bunny is suffering from depression. In reference to herself the inherent theatricality of the verb to suffer embarrasses her. In this context, to suffer, she believes, would be melodramatic and self-aggrandizing, not to mention rendering her a person empathetically stunted when you consider real suffering like starving to death or stage four colon cancer or a baby rhesus monkey given a wire coat hanger to cling to instead of a mother."" Get it from Amazon for $17.10, Barnes & Noble for $26, or find at Indiebound or your local library. Alison C. Rollins' debut poetry collection probes the idea of the body as archive — an accounting of tragedy and trauma, yes, but also of love and gr",reader
"This fart likes to take a leisurely detour up/forward between your labia. This lil' ball of gas is basically a ""Traveler"" fart, but it manages to get stuck in your labia along the way — usually, you have to give it a wiggle or something to help free it. This fart moves similarly to the previous two, but it's very FAST and your labia SNAPS back together when it escapes, feeling like an aggressive clap. TBH, it kinda hurts, too?! This special fart almost exclusively happens during your period. It manages to get trapped between your vulva and a pad, eventually getting absorbed entirely by the pad. This makes for a really interesting smell experience later on. And by interesting, I mean terrible. This special breed of period fart gets mixed up with blood and feels wet, kinda bubbly, and extra messy. This fart gets trapped behind all that intestinal BLOCKAGE you get leading up to your period and has to work extra hard to break free. This gas monster is the most deadly, toxic, ""OMFG what is going on inside my body?!"" stinky period fart. Sometimes having a vagina means experiencing very special and unique farts. And, no, I'm not talking about a queef — that's just trapped air escaping out your vag. These are ~true~ gas farts that basically come out the ""front"" or by other non-traditional means. The ""Traveler"" fart: The ""Help Me!"" fart: The ""Clapper"" fart: The ""Prisoner"" fart: The ""Bubbly"" fart: The ""Pusher"" fart: And finally the ""Death"" fart:",health
"KYIV, Ukraine — A straight-shooting, no-nonsense career US diplomat who was hesitant to return to Ukraine for the Trump administration now appears to have been a voice of reason as two fellow diplomats discussed pressuring Ukraine’s new president to dig up dirt that might help President Donald Trump’s reelection campaign. William Taylor, the chargé d’affaires leading the US embassy in Kyiv since Trump recalled the ambassador, makes clear in stunning text messages with Gordon Sondland, the ambassador to the European Union, and Kurt Volker, the then–special envoy on Ukraine, that he would rather quit than see Ukraine get muscled into a “nightmare scenario.” Those close to Taylor, who has held several foreign posts in a long diplomatic career, including US ambassador to Ukraine from 2006 to 2009, weren’t surprised by his comments. They say he’s a tell-it-like-it-is extrovert who puts matters of state before politics. “He’s a straight shooter,” John Herbst, who served as George Bush’s ambassador to Ukraine from 2003 to 2006 and is a longtime friend of Taylor’s, told BuzzFeed News. “It appears from the texts that he cut through all the nonsense, recognizing that it’s in America’s best interest to see a strong and independent Ukraine.” The US Embassy in Kyiv declined to comment. Taylor was tapped to lead the embassy in Kyiv as chargé d’affaires after Trump recalled Marie Yovanovitch early, as he and lawyer Rudy Giuliani pursued a conspiracy theory that Ukraine had meddled in the 2016 election and pushed for the incoming Zelensky administration to investigate Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, who had sat on the board of a Ukrainian gas company. Current and former US diplomats who asked not to be named told BuzzFeed News that when they learned Taylor was returning for another tour in Ukraine they felt relieved, believing he would return stability to the Kyiv post. One of the diplomats who recalled a conversation with Taylor about his decision to return to Ukraine told BuzzFeed",politics
"Facebook said Wednesday that it is changing the way Groups work on the platform. They will no longer have the option to be marked as ""secret,"" giving users only two privacy settings: public or private. Once the change is implemented, groups that were once marked ""secret"" will be labeled ""private"" and only be visible for members of the group. Group admins will have the option to have public or private groups and also be able to toggle whether the group is visible in search results. ""By separating the privacy settings for posts and group membership from the overall discoverability of the group, it is easier for admins to understand and manage their group privacy settings, and also easier for members to know important information like who can find the group,"" Jordan Davis, product manager for Facebook Groups, said in a blog post Wednesday. The changes to Facebook Groups rolling out this week are part of the ""Safe Communities Initiative,"" which includes something Facebook is calling ""proactive detection."" “Our policies and proactive detection technology continue to apply across private and public groups, just as they did for the previous privacy settings of public, closed and secret groups. This allows us to find and remove bad actors and bad content, helping to keep Facebook safe,"" Nir Matalon, the product manager for Facebook Groups, told BuzzFeed News. According to a separate blog post on Wednesday, Tom Alison, Facebook's VP of engineering, the company has built a new tool called Group Quality, which scans all groups for content that breaks the platform's community standards — regardless of privacy settings. ""As content is flagged by our systems or reported by people, trained reviewers consider context and determine whether the content violates our Community Standards,"" Alison said in the blog post. ""We then use these examples to train our technology to get better at finding and removing similar content."" Facebook Groups have become a source of misinformation and rad",tech
"The Trump administration on Wednesday took the wraps off a long-awaited multi-agency plan to better protect children from toxic lead. The plan would “enhance our efforts to reduce lead contamination especially in areas where it presents a serious and urgent threat to children,” acting EPA administrator Andrew Wheeler said at a press conference. He said the EPA would develop an agency-specific plan to implement suggestions from the report by March 2019. Wheeler was joined by Ben Carson, secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Eric Hargan, deputy secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. Carson said he was familiar with the harms of lead contamination from his past work as a pediatric neurosurgeon. As HUD chief, he said, he is “committed to making sure our department’s resources reach the doors of high-risk American families at the prevention stage — long before their children are exposed to dangerous chemicals, for which they might later need a cure.” Lead is a neurotoxin and accumulates in the teeth and bones. It is particularly harmful to young children whose brains are still developing, and can lead to behavioral problems, learning disabilities, and decreased intelligence in children even at blood levels once considered low. The CDC and World Health Organization have both declared that there is no safe level of lead in the blood. In the US, children continue to be exposed to lead from paint, soil, and drinking water running through lead pipes, so health and environmental groups have been clamoring for policy changes. But some environmental groups criticized the new plan as toothless. “Talk is fine, but we need action,” Erik Olson, senior director of Health and Food for the Natural Resources Defense Council, said in a statement. The group pointed out that the agencies had yet to commit to enforcement actions or regulatory changes and had not proposed a timeline for achieving the suggested goals. The new plan “lacks the meas",science
"My book How to Be a Patient is about asserting agency during healthcare encounters and navigating the world of modern medicine in a more empowered fashion. If you want to do one thing now to set yourself on this path, the move is to get a solid primary care provider (PCP) — and not any PCP, but one you have chemistry with. Moving through the world without a PCP places more hurdles between you and the care you’re trying to obtain. It’s more of a hassle, for instance, to go to a specialist (eg. physical therapist, endocrinologist), since many insurance carriers mandate you first have an appointment with your PCP and then get a referral. It also limits your options when you need that prescription from last year refilled, or think you might have strep, or when the discovery of a mole is keeping you up at night. Today, roughly a third of American patients go without a PCP. Just under half of millennials go without one. Among patients who’ve established primary care, it’s rare for them to see their PCP as a true partner. And yet the research underscores the importance of this alliance. It’s how a provider makes you feel — not merely the information they equip you with — that predicts health outcomes. The usual responses I get when asking how someone likes their doctor or nurse practitioner go something like: “Mine is nice enough, but always in a rush.” “He’s awkward, but supposedly good.” “I think I’d rather have a woman. Should I see a woman?!” “When I go to my [provider’s] office, a different person sees me every time. What do you mean, primary care provider?” On the flip side there is that person who gushes about their provider, telling stories that make you think, Damn, I deserve better. So, onward and upward for the rest of us. As you begin to hone your search for a PCP, consider the various types of providers who practice primary care. They include: If you’re coming in cold, the best way to commence the search is by asking providers and nurses you already know and l",reader
On the good ol' days: On proof: On spelling: On the true side effects of vaccines: On the CDC: On rebelliousness: On The Truth: On smoking: On mumps: On opinions: On cancer: On spirited arguments: On collectives: On offensive terms: On time travel: On thankfulness: On experts: In conclusion:,health
"From Ukraine to Australia, President Donald Trump has dispatched a number of agents to chase what amounts to conspiracy theories and debunked hoaxes in an effort to validate his 2016 election victory. That effort has spun off into an attempt to discredit a political rival in the process. While Trump’s July 25 phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky — and his subsequent defense of the call — were the catalysts for a congressional impeachment inquiry, there have been plenty of suspect activities happening in the periphery — in retrospect, often in plain sight. The number and stature of many of the people involved can be somewhat overwhelming, as is the geographic sprawl, so we tried to simplify it. Hopefully this diagram should help clear things up:  US President Donald Trump and Attorney General Bill Barr in front of the Capitol building on May 15, in Washington, DC.",politics
"An 18-year-old Ohio man charged Monday with threatening a federal officer allegedly posted extensively online about mass shootings, specifically targeting Planned Parenthood. According to an affidavit, the bulk of Justin Olsen’s radicalized content was posted under the name ArmyOfChrist on meme-hosting app iFunny. Federal agents seized 15 rifles, 10 semiautomatic pistols, and 10,000 rounds of ammunition during the arrest earlier this month. Investigators said Olsen admitted that he was posting on iFunny under the name ArmyOfChrist and told the FBI during his arrest that his posts were supposed to be a joke. He described his posts about shooting federal agents as “a hyperbolic conclusion based on the results of the Waco siege.” The FBI began investigating the iFunny account in February. As it gained more subscribers, Olsen created a Discord server to privately interact with his followers — a common phenomenon in radicalized online spaces. It was there that he allegedly threatened federal officers. In a post on his iFunny account, Olsen wrote, ""A few people have requested this recently, and I think it will allow for a better dialogue, so I have created a Discord server."" The ArmyOfChrist iFunny account has over 5,000 subscribers and is still up, but several of the posts on the account advertising Olsen's Discord server were taken down on Tuesday. The ArmyOfChrist server had around 40 users. It appears it was taken down after inquires from BuzzFeed News. In a statement to BuzzFeed News, a spokesperson for iFunny said directing users from an iFunny account to a Discord server could be against user guidelines, depending on how it's done. ""iFunny is the most influential mobile app among young adults in the US,"" the spokesperson said. ""We have over 10 million unique US users in app per month. It's approximately equal to 25% of the young adults population of the US (from 43 million young adults as per government stats). We assume that percent of the potential criminals amon",tech
"Google is marketing apps to kids that share personal data with third parties, show manipulative ads, and are rife with creepy images — from graphic plucking of eyelashes to rubbing oil on scantily clad pregnant women — according to a new review. In a 99-page letter sent to the Federal Trade Commission on Wednesday, the Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood and 21 other child advocacy groups argue that the government should investigate Google for misrepresenting these apps as safe for families. Two Democratic lawmakers, Sen. Tom Udall and Rep. David Cicilline, also support the letter. “Google doesn’t really have any incentive to clean up its own app store,” said Josh Golin, executive director of the CCFC, because app makers give Google 30% of the revenue for every app purchase and in-app purchase. “The things that are concerning and problematic, they actually profit off of.” Apple’s App Store lists some of the same apps, though it has stricter rules for those allowed in its “Kids” category. And Google has done little to address the problem, Golin said, despite getting public heat since April. That’s when a large study by researchers at UC Berkeley revealed that thousands of apps distributed by Google may violate the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), a federal law that restricts companies from collecting and tracking personal information from kids under 13. Google requires that all of its child-directed apps comply with COPPA and apply for inclusion in its “Designed for Families” program, which has stricter guidelines around ads and content. “We regularly monitor, review and take down apps from Google Play,” a Google spokesperson told BuzzFeed News by email. “We’ve removed thousands of apps from DFF this year alone when we found a policy violation.” But the new review suggests that many apps sneak into the program despite breaking Google’s own rules. Working with one of the Berkeley researchers, the CCFC identified 84 apps in the Designed for Famili",science
"Contrary to what some of her former employees have insisted, Elizabeth Holmes does, in fact, blink. She just doesn't seem to do it very often. You can watch for it in the ads that documentarian Errol Morris directed for her company, Theranos, back when it was still a hot startup and not an even hotter exemplar of Silicon Valley delusion. She blinks reluctantly, with such vaguely reptilian slowness that it really does seem like she'd opt out of the basic bodily function if she could, in order to better maintain unbroken eye contact with whoever she's speaking to. And in lieu of a person, she'll stare down the camera with equal intensity. ""People don't even know that they have a basic human right to be able to get access to information about themselves and their own bodies that can change their lives,"" she intones in one spot, in that deliberate baritone, eyes wide and lit with a ring light that makes her fervor more uncanny. Most CEOs try to position themselves as funny, down-to-earth, on-the-level types when they appear in their own marketing material — no soulless captains of capitalism here! But Holmes leans in the opposite direction, more cult than cult of personality. She looks like a zealot, or maybe a dystopian dictator in a sci-fi movie, beaming mandatory messages of assurance into the homes of her citizens. If you aren't already familiar with Holmes, the tech world's most fascinating fraud, the tldr goes like this: She founded a startup, Theranos, at the age of 19, dropping out of Stanford and raising hundreds of millions to create a device she claimed would revolutionize health care. It would be able to run hundreds of labs off of a fingerprick's worth of blood, and it would be everywhere, from homes to battlefields, making medical information more accessible and affordable. It was a dream that nabbed Holmes Ted Talks, magazine covers, and headlines proclaiming her the next Steve Jobs. The fact that the machine Theranos developed never came close to working",reader
"Former special envoy to Ukraine Kurt Volker testified before members of Congress on Thursday. While the meeting was private and a full transcript has not been released, his prepared remarks were obtained by BuzzFeed News. House Democrats on Thursday night also released text messages that Volker gave to Congress during his testimony that revealed he and other US and Ukrainian officials discussed the quid pro quo at the heart of the impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump. In his prepared testimony Thursday, Volker said he wanted to make five key points clear: His “efforts were entirely focused on advancing U.S. foreign policy goals with respect to Ukraine.” “Second, in May of this year, I became concerned that a negative narrative about Ukraine, fueled by assertions made by Ukraine’s departing Prosecutor General, was reaching the President of the United States, and impeding our ability to support the new Ukrainian government as robustly as I believed we should.” “Third, at no time was I aware of or took part in an effort to urge Ukraine to investigate former Vice President Biden.” Volker said that in the text messages he shared with Congress, “Vice President Biden was never a topic of discussion.” However, the texts do explicitly mention Burisma, the Ukraine gas company for which the presidential candidate’s son Hunter Biden served on the board. “Fourth, while executing my duties, I kept my colleagues at the State Department and National Security Council informed, and also briefed Congress, about my actions.” “Fifth and finally, I strongly supported the provision of U.S. security assistance, including lethal defensive weapons, to Ukraine throughout my tenure.” Despite his assertion in the testimony that he was unaware of a push to get Ukraine to investigate Biden, Volker did discuss Burisma with Andriy Yermak, an adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, according to the text messages released by House Democrats on Thursday night. Yermak texted Volke",politics
"Do you know that feeling of jumping into a metallic, purple catsuit to express your joy through interpretive dance with two backup dancers costumed in money signs? Probably not, unless you too have experienced the blinding exhilaration of paying off more than $200,000 in student loans. Caitlin Boston knows this feeling — it took her 10 years to get there. And it might have taken longer if she hadn’t asked a simple question of her colleagues. She uploaded her whirlwind celebration to YouTube. By the time Boston graduated in 2009, she had a master’s in social psychology and two undergraduate degrees in anthropology and American studies. Altogether, she had $147,602 in student loans. On Tuesday, Aug. 6 — what would have been her late father’s 72nd birthday — Boston made her final payment on her student loans, which, including interest, added up to $222,817. In her dance video, she explained how she paid off what seemed to be an impossible amount of debt. “I did it all by my single freaking self, as in, no family passing me $$$ at any point,” she wrote in the caption to her video. “It was hard but I did it and I did it alone because I am a f****** boss.” Hard is an understatement: When she was earning a low hourly wage, “in any given month, I had between $62 and $74 left in my checking account,” she recalled in an interview with BuzzFeed News. But today, at age 35, she said, “I’m free. I’m freaking free!” Boston pointed out that she never missed a payment or took off much time from work, even after her father died by suicide. Above all, she said, the most important thing that helped her pay it off: realizing she should be getting paid more by asking her peers if they were making over or under a certain amount. At some point, you can't cut back on your lifestyle any more. “Ask your other peers what they make — especially your male ones. It might make you feel uncomfortable but it’s the sole reason I started making an additional 41% a year.” For Boston, that was a life-ch",tech
"While binge drinking, cigarette smoking, and opioid abuse have declined among teens in the US in recent years, there's been an alarming spike in vaping, according to a new study. And many teens may not even know they're vaping highly addictive nicotine. These findings were published in Monitoring the Future, an ongoing surveillance study of US teens in the 8th, 10th, and 12th grades. It's conducted by researchers at the University of Michigan's Institute for Social Research, who asked approximately 44,000 high school students about their substance use in the past 30 days.  ""It's representative of the entire population of high school students in the US,"" Wilson Compton, deputy director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse, which funds the study, told BuzzFeed News. And for this generation, vaping has skyrocketed.  The percentage of 12th-graders who reported vaping nicotine in the past 30 days nearly doubled in a year, jumping from 11% to 21% from 2017 to 2018 — which translates into at least 1.3 million additional teens vaping nicotine, according to the report. This is the largest year-to-year increase of any substance used by adolescents in the 44 years the survey has existed, Richard Miech, principal investigator of the study, told BuzzFeed News. Miech's findings on teen vaping trends were also published in the New England Journal of Medicine.  There was some good news, however. Cigarette smoking has been on the decline for two decades, and the use of alcohol and other drugs, such as opioids, was down — binge drinking decreased among teens to 14% in 2018. Vaping is the act of inhaling a vapor that is produced by an e-cigarette or another device that heats liquid into an aerosol. This liquid, often called ""e-liquid"" or ""vape juice,"" contains a variety of chemicals, flavorings, and often (but not always) nicotine, a highly addictive substance that affects the brain. You can also vape marijuana, which is increasingly popular among high schoolers, according to the r",science
"We're so excited to announce Bowlaway as BuzzFeed Book Club's April pick! Join us next month as we dive into the book — posing questions, sharing opinions, and interacting directly with author Elizabeth McCracken. More info here. They found a body in the Salford Cemetery, but aboveground and alive. An ice storm the day before had beheaded the daffodils, and the cemetery was draped in frost: midspring, Massachusetts, the turn of the century before last. The body lay faceup near the obelisk that marked several generations of Pickersgills. Soon everyone in town would know her, but for now it was as though she’d dropped from the sky. A woman, stout, one bare fist held to her chin, white as a monument and soft as marble rubbed for luck. Her limbs were willy-nilly. Even her skirt looked broken in two along its central axis, though it was merely divided, for cycling. Her name was Bertha Truitt. The Gladstone bag beside her contained one abandoned corset, one small bowling ball, one slender candlepin, and, under a false bottom, fifteen pounds of gold. The watchman was on the Avenue of Sorrows near where the babies were interred when he spotted her down the hill in the frost. He was a teenager, uneasy among the living and not much better among the dead. He’d been hired to keep an eye out. Things had been stolen. Bodies? No, not bodies: statuary, a stone or two, half a grieving angel’s granite wing. The young man, being alive, was not afraid of body snatchers, but he feared the dead breaking out of their sepulchres. Perhaps here one was. Himself, he wanted to be buried at sea, though to be buried at sea you had to go to sea. He’d been born on a ship in Boston Harbor, someone had once told him, but he had no memory of his birth, nor of any boat, nor of his parents. He was an orphan. The woman: Was she alive or dead? The slope worried him. He’d had a troubled gait all his life — the boat, or an accident at birth had caused it — and between the slick and the angle he might end u",reader
"The Supreme Court announced Friday that they plan to take up a major abortion case, the first reviewed by the Supreme Court with its newest member, Justice Brett Kavanaugh. The case, June Medical Services v. Gee, pertains to a Louisiana law passed in 2014 that requires hospital admitting privileges for abortion clinics within 30 miles of the facility. The Center for Reproductive Rights, which is representing a Louisiana abortion clinic and two doctors, say that the law could result in the closure of nearly all of the abortion clinics in the state. They argue that the law unduly burdens doctors at abortion clinics, which are often not located near a hospital that will grant them admitting privileges. The Supreme Court had already placed a temporary block on the Louisiana law from going into effect. Admitting privilege laws have been introduced in many states as part of a nationwide anti-abortion effort. In 2016, the Supreme Court ruled on a nearly identical law in Texas, which the court struck down. Then-Justice Anthony Kennedy, who retired in July 2018, ruled in favor of the opponents of the law, along with the Supreme Court’s four liberal justices. Chief Justice John Roberts dissented, along with the more conservative Justices on the court. Now, with two new justices appointed by President Donald Trump on the court, both of whom have conservative backgrounds and were championed by anti-abortion groups, the court will reconsider this issue. The ruling could also have larger implications for abortion rights, potentially undermining the definition of an “undue burden,” a benchmark used by the Supreme Court to determine whether or not a law restricting abortion is unconstitutional under Roe v. Wade. The court’s 2016 opinion stated that needing hospitalization for an abortion was very rare and that women were more at risk of not receiving any care at all than receiving it without hospital-admitting privileges. The Texas law provided “few, if any, health benefits for wom",politics
"Tumblr — one of the OG blogging sites — just sold. Its owner, Verizon, agreed to let it go to Automattic, which runs WordPress.com, for a price reported to be less than $3 million.  That's way less than the $1.1 billion that Yahoo paid for Tumblr in 2013. So much less so, in fact, you could buy a pretty nice home near Tumblr's offices in New York for that same amount.  We found seven condos that are going for about the same price as Tumblr. This 3-bedroom, 3-bath is a ""great investment opportunity,"" and comes with ""a sybaritic recessed rain shower,"" 10.5 foot ceilings, and direct subway access. All that for just $2.5 million. Or you could buy Tumblr. A condo duplex in the heart of Manhattan for $2.8 million. This 3,428 square foot residence functions as a live-work space and, unlike your next corporate acquisition, has ""no board approval required."" Designed by the architect Sir David Adjaye, who was named by TIME as one of its 100 most influential people of 2017. The building's amenities include ""indoor and outdoor lounges complete with a chef's catering kitchen, club room, golf simulator, a private IMAX theatre, a kids activity center, and a private rooftop observation deck at the top of the building, nearly 800 feet in the air."" $2,995,990, which is probably more than Tumblr cost. This 2-bedroom, 3-bath is offered for $2,698,000 and according to the listing features: ""VIEWS, VIEWS, VIEWS AND MORE VIEWS."" At this 2-bedroom, 2-bath unit, on the market for $2,500,000, pretty much anything goes. (Unlike the SFW rules on Tumblr.) ""Unlimited subletting allowed,"" and ""exchanges also possible & welcome."" Just two weeks ago, the price of this 3-bedroom, 3-bath was cut $245,000 to $2,750,000. This spacious 3-bedroom condo is on sale for $2,649,000 — just about what it cost to buy Tumblr. But the micro-blogging site doesn't sport views of the Empire State Building the way this corner unit does. 20 Pine St #2801, New York, NY 10005 7 Dutch St #1, New York, NY 10038 130 Willia",tech
"Measles is a highly contagious disease that causes respiratory symptoms and a whole-body skin rash. Since the introduction of the measles vaccine in 1963, global measles deaths have decreased significantly, according to the World Health Organization (WHO), but outbreaks remain a problem in many parts of the world. And in 2018, measles cases hit a record high in Europe.  More people in Europe were infected with measles during the first six months of 2018 than during any other year in the past decade, according to the WHO regional office for Europe. Over 41,000 children and adults have been infected with measles since January, and 37 people have died. Previously, the highest total number of cases in Europe was 23,927 in 2017, BuzzFeed News previously reported. Seven countries reported over 1,000 cases, including travel hotspots like France and Italy. Ukraine was hit the hardest, with over 23,000 measles cases, and Serbia reported the highest number of measles-related deaths (14) out of any country. Measles is spread through contact with an infected person or their respiratory secretions, which are produced through coughing and sneezing. It can be prevented with the MMR vaccine. A drop in vaccination rates is behind many measles outbreaks. About 40% of people in France incorrectly believe vaccinations are unsafe, as do 25% of people in the Ukraine, BuzzFeed News previously reported. The Nipah virus (NiV) is a rare infectious disease with no vaccine or cure, and a case fatality rate of up to 75%. Early symptoms include a fever, vomiting, and mental confusion. Nipah can cause a respiratory infection that leads to pneumonia, or it can cause inflammation of the brain (encephalitis), which may lead to seizures, a coma, or death.  In May of 2018, a deadly outbreak of Nipah virus was reported in the Kozhikode district of Kerala, a state on India's Malabar coast. It was the first outbreak of Nipah virus in south India, according to the WHO, and there were a total of 19 cases a",science
"In the '90s, The Rosie O’Donnell Show was the place to go if you loved talking about pop culture, celebrities — and Rosie O’Donnell. Instead of engaging in normal banter with her famous guests, many of her questions revolved around Rosie’s own obsessions: All My Children, Ally McBeal, Ring Dings, decoupage, Tom Cruise, and Barbra Streisand. No star, no matter how big, could escape Rosie’s rabid interests. On February 3, 1997, Hillary Rodham Clinton participated in an interview that was unlike anything she’d previously done on TV. Rather than discuss public policy or health care, the first lady played a round of trivia about The Mary Tyler Moore Show, kissed Oscar the Grouch, and belted out a duet of “The Telephone Hour” from Bye Bye Birdie. “We’ll be here all week,” Rosie said, waving a hand. “Gimme a high five!” Before Jimmy Fallon, Ellen DeGeneres, James Corden, or Andy Cohen adopted the persona of the talk show host as the superfan, there was Rosie, whose daytime show aired from 1996 to 2002. For six seasons, Rosie took on the title of the world’s utmost expert on movies, TV shows, musicals, and crafts, without uttering a cross word. She averaged 5 million viewers on her best days, nipping at Oprah’s heels and clobbering her at the Daytime Emmys. On TV, Rosie offered a ray of sunshine; it was not for nothing that Newsweek dubbed her the Queen of Nice. Rosie was so popular, she stepped in as host of the Grammys and the Tonys, making her Hollywood’s emcee of choice after Billy Crystal. When she’d conceived of her talk show, Rosie told her agent she wanted to do a modern The Merv Griffin Show, from the 1960s. It was a stark departure from the typical fare then offered in daytime, where other hosts encouraged their scandal-ridden guests to fight. But viewers were ready for something new. With the O. J. Simpson trial airing during the day, no family feud could keep up with that saga. Rosie’s pitch was simple counter-programming: “A lot of Broadway, a lot of singing, a",reader
