The first time I ran away from home was because your husband, my father, slapped me. He was drunk and I was fifteen years old. The blow was so hard; it sent me reeling into the closet. I remember cradling my stinging cheek with one hand, and using the other to shelter myself from the rain of clothing and metal hangers. After I recovered from the shock, I crawled out of the closet, packed my suitcase, and left. Outside, you rounded the corner, just home from a long day of work, and were stunned to see me lugging my suitcase toward a waiting taxi. You asked what was wrong, even though it was evident from the tears in my eyes and the angry red blotch on my cheek. “I hate him,” I screamed as the driver set my suitcase in the trunk of the car. I climbed into the back seat and slammed the door, leaving you standing on the sidewalk wringing your hands. I don’t know what happened in the apartment that evening. I’m sure the two of you argued. I’m sure he called me disrespectful, accused me of talking back, of behaving as if I were better than him because I attended private school and my classmates were privileged white girls who spoke to their parents any old kind of way, and he wasn’t going to tolerate that type of insolence from his black daughter. I stayed with my best friend for three days and three nights. I did not call to let you know where I was or that I was safe. My plan was to spend the next few weeks there and then head back to boarding school at the end of the summer. How exactly I was going to do that — sans money — I did not know. On the morning of the fourth day, just as the night sky flaked away, the apartment bell buzzed. And then buzzed again — long and hard and angry. I knew before my friend’s mother peered through the peephole that he was on the other side of that door. [ Related: Bernice McFadden Picks 10 Books That Will Remind You Of Your Own Strength ] In the back seat of his car I bawled the entire ride home. Over the years, I ran away again. He was 