For all the years I’ve been in debt, I’ve devoured stories of people who somehow managed to get out of it. The vast majority of them quite frankly made me feel like shit: For these people, becoming debt-free was a simple matter of cutting out Starbucks and toning down your online shopping habit. But none of those things would make a dent in my insurmountable pile of student debt — or the debt of most people I know. I wanted to read detailed, deeply honest stories of paying off debt. The budgeting aspect was interesting to me, but even more interesting were the larger questions of assistance (Who helped you? Who paid the phone bill? Who paid the rent?) and how paying down debt made people feel. What you’ll find below is a collection of stories, culled from the hundreds of responses, with various motivations, strategies, and outcomes. The sacrifices people made to pay off their debt might not surprise you. But the reaction those same people had to finally paying off that debt likely will. Puerto Rican, New York City$102K in student debtTime to pay off: Six years I researched how to get out of debt and discovered the snowball/avalanche method. My first job out of school (three months after I graduated) was $40K (up to $80K over my loan journey), and I vowed to pay more than the minimums on them until I was done. I lived with roommates in shitty places around Manhattan and with an ex-boyfriend in the Bronx and then Washington Heights. With the exception of my phone bill paid for by my parents, I never had help paying my debt or any other kind of bill or finances. I was lucky to not have kids, which made it easier to do side gigs, which is how I was able to pay the last $32K of my debt in eight months. I dog-walked, freelance wrote after my day job, and babysat. I feel like having debt dictated all the decisions I made, especially the jobs I took. It dictated the immense anxiety I had when I was laid off. I lived so far from work, and my commute took a toll on me every d