Chatting with CNN personality Van Jones on her show last Tuesday, Wendy Williams was in trademark tell-it-like-it-is, heat-seeking form. Jones was there to promote a new show, and as the interview was winding down, Williams asked about his ongoing divorce from his wife. “You still wear your ring,” she noted, gesturing toward his left hand. “And you got something on your hand too,” he shot back, laughing, “so I ain’t talking about that.” “No, this isn’t…” she trailed off, looking uncharacteristically flustered amid a boisterous audience. “I’m just saying,” he interrupted sheepishly, “ …we can talk about your man.” Jones was specifically referring to Williams’ ongoing tabloid-ready divorce drama with her husband, Kevin Hunter. The exchange, written up in Page Six, broadly highlighted the uncomfortable position she’s found herself in as she’s become the kind of scandal-plagued celebrity that she usually focuses on during her talk show musings. In September 2017, the Daily Mail published the results of a multiyear investigation, alleging that Williams’ husband had been leading a double life with a “mistress” for over a decade. One month later, Williams passed out on live television, wearing a Statue of Liberty Halloween costume. The surreal, thoroughly memed moment, opened the floodgates to a stream of stories about her personal life that threatened to overtake any of the celebrity stories that make up her “Hot Topics” pop culture commentary segment. Then, in early 2018, Williams revealed that she had been diagnosed with Graves’ disease, and that doctors had ordered her to take three weeks off from the show. She never addressed the tabloid news about her husband’s affair, and some gossip sites expressed skepticism about the timing of her diagnosis announcement. The rumors continued when she embarked on an unprecedented planned two-month leave of absence in January, replaced by a number of fill-in hosts — including Nick Cannon, Sherri Shepherd, and Jerry O’Connell. Her s