Nestled in the historic Falk's Market, the indie bookstore and café An Unlikely Story is owned by Jeff Kinney (author of the children's series Diary of a Wimpy Kid) and his wife Julie. The shop regularly hosts author events and encourages long visits, serving breakfast, lunch, coffee, and wine. Indie Bookstore Day 2019 events: Paddington Bear storytime, more info here. Co-owned by Ann Patchett (Commonwealth, Bel Canto, the forthcoming The Dutch House) and her business partner Karen Hayes, Parnassus Books is not only a bookshop but also a bookmobile, traveling around Nashville with a selection of titles. It also hosts two book clubs. Indie Bookstore Day 2019 events: Singalong storytime, music, prizes, giveaways, and one-day-only books and merch. More info here. Owned by Louise Erdrich (The Round House, The Bingo Palace, Future Home of the Living God), Birchbark Books and Native Arts specializes in Native literature and Native-made goods, including basketry, jewelry, paintings, and more. [ Related: Louise Erdrich, Great American Novelist, Is Just Getting Started ] Indie Bookstore Day 2019 events: Giveaways, music, live poetry, refreshments, and children's creative activities coordinated with ARTrageous Adventures. More info here. Ashley Warlick (The Arrangement, Seek the Living, The Summer After June) is a partner at M. Judson Books, which specializes in Southern books but also serves food, sells vintage home goods, and works with local artists. The shop is named after and inspired by Mary Judson, who worked as principal of the Greenville Female College in the early 19th century and taught every class the school offered. Indie Bookstore Day 2019 events: Story time, author talks, and more. More info here. Owned by Emma Straub (Modern Lovers, The Vacationers, Laura Lamont's Life in Pictures) and husband Michael Fusco-Straub, Books Are Magic hosts nearly daily readings and panels, and features a substantial children's section complete with reading nook. Indie Bookstore D