The last time I almost fainted came at the most embarrassing moment possible. I had just started dating my now-wife Maris. I didn’t know her well, but I did know that she worked in the publishing industry. So, as a fourth or fifth date, I invited her to see Gone Girl because it was a movie based on a book, which is a lot like a book. That was the only fact I knew about Gone Girl when we walked in. It turns out that in the movie Gone Girl, Rosamund Pike plays Gone Girl, who marries Ben Affleck before deciding she hates him, faking her own death, and framing him for it. Which, honestly, I get. This is a bad movie to see on a man-woman date because men are afraid of being framed for murder, and women are relieved to watch a movie where — surprise! — the lady’s romantic partner doesn’t actually kill her. The emotional experience of watching this movie, therefore, varies wildly depending on the viewer’s gender. But this is not a story about the plot of Gone Girl. It’s a story about fainting, which requires just a little bit more explanation of the plot of Gone Girl. In a scene near the end of the movie, Gone Girl frames Neil Patrick Harris, her wealthy nontownie ex-boyfriend, for assaulting her (For the second time! Fool me once, Gone Girl...). Gone Girl, it turns out, is very good at framing people for things. But this time, instead of leaving Neil Patrick Harris to face the consequences of the justice system like she did with Ben Affleck, she murders him while they are having sex. And what a murder! She stabs him in the throat (one of the worst places to be stabbed, in my opinion) and leaves him to gurgle to death. Either the sound designer of Gone Girl was incredible, or Neil Patrick Harris is even more talented than we thought, because his gurgling sounds exactly like someone drinking a smoothie made of ground beef through a straw. It turns out he’s actually a quadruple threat! Acting! Singing! Dancing! Gurgling! The scene is very gross, grosser than anything else in