At my local theater in Montana, the New Year’s Day matinee of Knives Out started at 4:30. I assumed we could leave for the theater 10 minutes before it started, not worried about getting a seat. After all, the movie came out nearly five weeks ago — the weekend before Thanksgiving. But when we showed up at 4:35, while the previews were playing, there were just six seats left, all of which were filled before the opening credits started to roll. On Twitter, dozens of people told me that their screenings over the last week were also sold out — anecdotal data supported by box office receipts: On New Year’s Day alone, Knives Out pulled in $3.5 million on American screens. Which doesn’t sound like a lot, until you remember that it’s been out for five weeks. As of January 3, Knives Out has grossed over $215 million globally, all the more remarkable given its modest budget of just $40 million. Those numbers pale in comparison to director Rian Johnson’s previous feature, his controversial entry into the flagship Star Wars franchise; The Last Jedi (2017) cost more than $300 million to make and has earned more than $1.3 billion worldwide since it came out. But in Hollywood, a movie is generally thought to be profitable when it earns twice its budget, as studios often spend nearly as much on marketing and promotion as they do on the making of the movie. By that math, Knives Out is a massive hit and will only become a bigger one. (And, in what must be a somewhat satisfying twist of fate for Johnson, it’s now playing in theaters alongside JJ Abrams’ Star Wars: Episode IX — The Rise of Skywalker, which has seen massive ticket sales that are still significantly lower than the trilogy’s first two installments). This begs the question: Why has Knives Out — an old-school whodunnit, unrelated to any established franchise or source material — done so well? Some of the movie’s success might be thanks to good holiday timing, but it also has something that the latest entries in the Star War