W.W. Jacobs published the short horror story "The Monkey's Paw" in 1902. It's still a banger, fusty Orientalism aside, over a century later — the source of endless adaptations, references, and parodies. In it, an older English couple come into possession of a grotesque keepsake (the titular paw) that grants three wishes in the most perverse possible way. They wish for £200, and that's the exact settlement their son's employer offers them after the young man is killed, horribly, at work the next day ("He was caught in the machinery," they're informed). Then, long days after the funeral, they wish him back to life, and something comes knocking at their door late that night. "The Monkey's Paw" is a "be careful what you wish for" classic. But if horror often operates by a moral calculus in which people get what they (allegedly) deserve, there's always been something intriguingly off-balance about what happens in Jacobs' story. His characters contend with such outsize ramifications for their pointedly modest aspirations — £200 is the amount left to pay off the family home. Their sin is not greed, which invites you to wonder what they are meant to be on the hook for. Do they suffer symbolically for some larger transgressions — maybe having to do with the industrialized economy that literally grinds their child in its gears, maybe, or the colonialism that results in the grotesque object, brought from India by an army friend, ending up in their cozy parlor? Two recent horror movies — Jordan Peele's Us and Kevin Kölsch and Dennis Widmyer's new Pet Sematary remake — can both be read as contemporary riffs on “The Monkey’s Paw.” They're movies about being terrorized by monsters who look like loved ones, but both play less like cautionary tales about people trying to thwart fate — the explicit lesson of Jacobs' work — and more as explorations of a deeper, more amorphous, and collective dread. These are stories in which the central characters face horrifying consequences for choi