In 2010, Kris Jenner made a bold prediction. When a Los Angeles Times reporter asked her where she thought her family would be in 10 years, she replied, “It’s Keeping Up with the Kardashians Season 24. Kylie” — then 12 years old — “gets married.” By now, the Kardashians have been an omnipresent cultural force for so long that it’s easy to forget that their place in the firmament used to look much more precarious. But in 2010, KUWTK was only a few seasons old, and there was no precedent for the kind of star the Kardashian sisters were becoming. The word “influencer” didn’t exist yet; Twitter was still for nerds, and Instagram wouldn’t launch until October of that year. As far as most people were concerned, the Kardashians were destined to be flashes in the reality TV pan, pretty party girls who would fizzle and then fade the way Kim Kardashian West’s one-time boss, Paris Hilton, already had. Instead, Kris and her children took advantage of the fast-evolving world of social media and personal branding and built a veritable empire, which now includes a billion-dollar makeup company, at least five clothing lines, eight spinoff shows, and nine grandchildren who seem poised to carry the torch — 1-year-old True will apparently soon be starring alongside her mother, Khloé Kardashian, in a show called Khloé and True Take the World. Nine-year-old Mason, Kourtney Kardashian’s oldest, is already doing confessional interviews on KUWTK. At present, Kris is reportedly negotiating a $300 million deal for the next Keeping Up With the Kardashians contract, doubling the $150 million they received in 2017. So while she got some of the details wrong back in 2010 — next year will bring Season 18, not 24, and Kylie Jenner recently split from Travis Scott, the father of her 1-year-old daughter, Stormi — in all the important ways, Kris was right on the money. She almost always is. Kris’s instincts have been nothing less than decade-defining: Under her watchful eye and careful management, he