In the final 10 minutes of Killing Eve's first season, we witness the consummation — for now — of an impractical relationship. Throughout Season 1, Eve (Sandra Oh) has transformed from a paper-pushing MI5 functionary to a thriving international spy, determinedly pursuing Villanelle (Jodie Comer), a prolific assassin. In the season finale, Eve finally has the chance to catch Villanelle in her Paris apartment, which is spare in furniture but overflowing with perfumes, couture clothes, weaponry, and bottles of champagne — all symbolic of Villanelle, who is pure id. And in this moment, Eve, who’s wielding a gun (one of Villanelle's), chooses to confess her obsession. Eve goes into typically meticulous detail. “I think about you all the time,” she says, sitting on Villanelle's bed and looking into her eyes. “I think about what you're wearing, and what you're doing, and who you're doing it with. I think about what friends you have. I think about what you eat before you work. What shampoo you use. What happened in your family. I think about your eyes and your mouth and what you feel when you kill someone. I think about what you had for breakfast. I just want to know everything.” Villanelle — whose usually radiant, poreless face is bruised and scraped, having recently escaped several life-threatening situations in her despised homeland of Russia — receives Eve's admission with her signature animalistic bluntness. “I think about you too,” she says. After a long pause, she adds, “I mean, I masturbate about you a lot.” By the end of the scene, just at the moment when the audience probably thought — and Villanelle certainly thought — that the two characters were about to have sex, Eve does something else: As they lie face to face on the bed and Villanelle leans in to kiss her, Eve stabs her in the gut. (“I really liked you!” Villanelle yells, after the knife goes in.) Eve immediately panics, regrets what she's done, and tries to save Villanelle by getting something to stop the 