If you can't see the sign-up box above, you can sign up here. All You Can Ever Know is a powerful memoir written by Nicole Chung, a Korean woman who is adopted as a premature infant by white parents. Despite having loving, caring adoptive parents, Chung always felt out of place growing up in a small, predominantly white Oregon town, and she never felt like she knew the whole story about why she was put up for adoption. In her 20s, Chung finds out she's pregnant with her first child, and she sets out on a journey to find her biological family. What unfolds shows the messy but true realities of transracial adoption. While Chung never says adoption is a bad thing, Chung's memoir argues that the culture and heritage of adoptive children should be discussed, celebrated, and explored. This memoir will connect with anyone who's felt a need to search for their true identity or ever felt different due to factors out of their control. –Ciera Velarde Get it from Amazon for $14.99, Barnes & Noble for $22.10, or a local bookseller through IndieBound here. Brash and unpredictable, fiercely affectionate one moment and aloof the next, Shalini’s mother is a force of nature — with Shalini as her fervently loyal companion. But in the wake of her mother’s death, Shalini — a young, privileged Indian woman — finds herself adrift and propelled to journey into the mountains of Kashmir in search of a long-unseen family friend and answers about the enigmatic woman who raised her. The Far Field is an intimate portrait of a young woman’s attempt to seek closure after tragedy. But at its core, Madhuri Vijay’s debut novel is an account of a greater conflict. The violent dispute over Kashmir is not simply a background for the narrator’s coming-of-age but arguably the book’s true narrative, told through Shalini’s eyes. Vijay expertly weaves together Shalini’s journey — amalgamating the past and present, the personal and political, into a story of a broken family and a broken nation attempting to p