While tripping heavily off a strong dose of shroom-laced yogurt, Ilana Wexler, one of the two titular broads in Comedy Central’s Broad City, stands in front of a bathroom mirror. She’s about to have a threesome, but her typically horny self can’t seem to get in the mood. “I’m brave and I am super cool,” she proclaims. “It’s me...Nicki Minashkenazi!” merging the inimitable rapper’s moniker with that of Ilana’s own Eastern European Jewish heritage. This scene, from the fourth season, is a perfect snapshot of Ilana’s bombastic attitude. She’s brashly self-confident, charmingly narcissistic, and also, notably, unabashedly Jewish. Broad City’s final episode airs tonight, bringing five seasons of wild stoner hijinks to a close with a resounding exhale. The show, which debuted on Comedy Central in 2014 after years as a cult web series, ushered in a brand of humor that was slapstick and bawdy while also being deeply compassionate toward its two stars. Best friends Abbi (Abbi Jacobson), an artsy klutz with the “ass of an ageless angel,” and Ilana (Ilana Glazer), a sex-positive extrovert with a trail of job dismissals, fail at many things. But they always seem to do so with the flair of a modern-day Laverne and Shirley; instead of belting out “Schlemiel! Schlimazel!,” they’re falling headfirst down a crevasse between two buildings (a real thing that happened to Abbi this season). Another way to describe the show? Hella Jewish. Jewish humor isn’t exactly a new addition to popular culture, and the list of Broad City’s television predecessors, from Rhoda to Seinfeld, is long. But Abbi and Ilana’s particular take on the contemporary Jewish experience resonates deeply with me, as a millennial Jewish woman. They Skype through the final hours of a Yom Kippur fast; Ilana screams “this is the happiest day of my liiiiife!” in response to learning that Abbi is pegging her hot neighbour — at her grandmother’s shiva. Traditionally, Jewish humor has centered around tropes of guilt and self