A couple of years ago, like many thirtysomething women who live in big cities and spend time on the internet, Caroline, a real estate agent who lives in Los Angeles, got interested in skin care. She’d never cared about the subject before, but suddenly, it seemed to be everywhere. She started following Rio Viera-Newton’s column on the Strategist and began stocking her bathroom cabinets with serums and essences. Eventually, though, Caroline came to a point where progress stalled: Her face stopped looking better and better with each new product. “I plateaued,” she says now. “And I was like, I guess injectables are the next step.” So she went to see Dr. Jason Diamond, a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon who’s been featured on shows like Dr. 90210 and has treated everyone from Katy Perry to Chrissy Teigen. Dr. Diamond injected a filler called Voluma into Caroline’s cheeks, which not only made her cheekbones look higher and more pronounced, but pulled the skin upward to minimize the appearance of laugh lines around her nose and mouth. He also plumped up her top lip with a different filler, and then injected Botox into her forehead to paralyze the muscles as a preventive measure against developing wrinkles. “I couldn’t even tell you how much it cost,” Caroline says. “Because I basically blacked out when I saw the bill.” Still, she liked the results enough that, after Dr. Diamond’s work wore off several months later, she sought out a less expensive practice in Manhattan Beach to continue getting fillers and Botox done. Diamond is one of a handful of plastic surgeons and cosmetic dermatologists who’ve made names for themselves on Instagram for their ability to work what looks like magic with nothing more than numbing cream and syringes. On these doctors’ social media pages, where follower counts range from the tens of thousands into the millions, you can watch them inject their patients — largely, though not exclusively, young women — with fillers meant to sharpen their jawlines