Set against the background of Denver, the stories of Kali Fajardo-Anstine's Sabrina & Corina follow indigenous women in relation to their home. In some cases the land holds histories these women long to escape; in others, it changes so rapidly as to disorient those who call it home. Fajardo-Anstine's prose blossoms on the page; her scenes and characters develop so vividly that they're likely to leave an impression lasting long after you stop reading. Favorite passage: "She said people will find the loveliest part of you and try to make it ugly. 'And they will do anything,' she always said, 'to own that piece of you.'" Get it from Amazon for $17.10, Barnes & Noble for $18.20, or find it at Indiebound or your local library. Binnie Kirshenbaum's Rabbits for Food — her first novel in 10 years — is a burst of energy, following a middle-aged woman's mental breakdown and subsequent hospitalization. The aftermath is often hilarious. Our narrator examines her surroundings — the eccentric patients and doctors, the absurd daily activities, the Kafkaesque system — with a blunt and biting wit that leaves little room for sentimentality. It might make her seem plain mean, if she weren't also directing that judgment at herself. Favorite passage: "Although she cannot bring herself to say so in these words, Bunny is suffering from depression. In reference to herself the inherent theatricality of the verb to suffer embarrasses her. In this context, to suffer, she believes, would be melodramatic and self-aggrandizing, not to mention rendering her a person empathetically stunted when you consider real suffering like starving to death or stage four colon cancer or a baby rhesus monkey given a wire coat hanger to cling to instead of a mother." Get it from Amazon for $17.10, Barnes & Noble for $26, or find at Indiebound or your local library. Alison C. Rollins' debut poetry collection probes the idea of the body as archive — an accounting of tragedy and trauma, yes, but also of love and gr