Contrary to what some of her former employees have insisted, Elizabeth Holmes does, in fact, blink. She just doesn't seem to do it very often. You can watch for it in the ads that documentarian Errol Morris directed for her company, Theranos, back when it was still a hot startup and not an even hotter exemplar of Silicon Valley delusion. She blinks reluctantly, with such vaguely reptilian slowness that it really does seem like she'd opt out of the basic bodily function if she could, in order to better maintain unbroken eye contact with whoever she's speaking to. And in lieu of a person, she'll stare down the camera with equal intensity. "People don't even know that they have a basic human right to be able to get access to information about themselves and their own bodies that can change their lives," she intones in one spot, in that deliberate baritone, eyes wide and lit with a ring light that makes her fervor more uncanny. Most CEOs try to position themselves as funny, down-to-earth, on-the-level types when they appear in their own marketing material — no soulless captains of capitalism here! But Holmes leans in the opposite direction, more cult than cult of personality. She looks like a zealot, or maybe a dystopian dictator in a sci-fi movie, beaming mandatory messages of assurance into the homes of her citizens. If you aren't already familiar with Holmes, the tech world's most fascinating fraud, the tldr goes like this: She founded a startup, Theranos, at the age of 19, dropping out of Stanford and raising hundreds of millions to create a device she claimed would revolutionize health care. It would be able to run hundreds of labs off of a fingerprick's worth of blood, and it would be everywhere, from homes to battlefields, making medical information more accessible and affordable. It was a dream that nabbed Holmes Ted Talks, magazine covers, and headlines proclaiming her the next Steve Jobs. The fact that the machine Theranos developed never came close to working