The greatest thing about The L Word, which ran from 2004 until 2009, is that it’s given queer women a common language. On first dates, at gay book clubs, when meeting new colleagues — in pretty much any situation where you, an awkward lesbian, are trying to reach across the void and connect with someone else who has lesbianism, if not awkwardness, in common — The L Word is an easy bet. Even if someone hasn’t seen it, their resistance to a cultural touchstone is just as fertile a topic for conversation. This is the only show, after all, to have ever focused so completely on lesbianism, to the extent that the world it created, made up of seemingly infinite queer women and, like, two men, was downright fantastical. Even 10 years later, there still hasn’t been a series quite like it. According to GLAAD’s “Where We Are on TV” report for 2019, LGBTQ representation on television is at an all-time high; almost all of those characters, though, tend to be the solitary gay in an ensemble of straight people. The shows since The L Word that have included more than a single queer person plus their rotation of partners — like The Fosters, Vida, The Bisexual, Transparent, Faking It, etc. — haven’t established nearly the same significant cultural footprint. (Though some, particularly The Bisexual, deserve to!) So it didn’t really come as a surprise when, earlier this year, Showtime announced that The L Word, with three of its main cast members, would be hitting our screens once again. L Word creator Ilene Chaiken had floated the possibility of a revival for years. “When we went off the air in 2009, I think a lot of people thought, ‘OK, the baton is passed now, and there will be lots of shows that portray lesbian life,’” she told Entertainment Weekly in 2017. “There’s really nothing. It feels like maybe it should come back.” And why not? This would be a chance for the series to atone for some of its past sins, including its crappy attitudes toward trans and bi people, the dearth of b