Conservatively speaking, there have been approximately 84 quadrillion episodes of television this decade, so narrowing down the 25 best over the last 10 years is on its face a silly thing to do. But we tried it anyway, because, simply put, there was never a better time to be a fan of TV than in the 2010s. The term “peak TV” was coined to define the explosion in content largely thanks to the ascendancy of Netflix, Amazon, and Hulu, but it’s also come to reflect the spike in quality television as well. So to cast as wide a net as possible, we only allowed one episode per show on our list, and even then, there is every chance we didn’t include at least one of your favorites. This is what comment sections are for, so please reflect with us, in chronological order, on some of the best TV had to offer since 2010, and then share your personal favorites as well. Grey’s Anatomy: "Sanctuary" and "Death and All His Friends" (Season 6, Episodes 23 and 24) First aired: May 20, 2010 Seattle Grace Hospital had seen its fair share of chaos before this episode, but nothing was the same after this two-parter. Disgruntled widower Gary Clark (Michael O'Neill), who blames Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey) for his wife’s death, comes back to the hospital with a loaded gun seeking revenge. It becomes clear that everyone's in danger after he shoots and kills resident Reed Adamson (Nora Zehetner) when she doesn’t help him find Derek. Then he shoots and critically injures day one character Alex Karev (Justin Chambers) within the first half of the episode. A hospital lockdown takes place after Gary shoots more hospital personnel — including Derek. Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo) and Cristina Yang (Sandra Oh), who spent the episode looking for Derek to tell him the good news that Meredith is pregnant, wind up witnessing the whole thing, and the episode ends with Meredith screaming as Cristina restrains her. In part two, Meredith and Cristina manage to get Derek to an OR where Cristina ends up havi