There was a moment about three-quarters of the way through the seventh season of Vanderpump Rules when I realized: Oh my god, I hope this is where it ends. It was not a sentiment I had seen coming. I’ve been watching VPR since it debuted on Bravo in 2013, when it was just an upstart spinoff of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, serving mostly as an excuse for Housewife Lisa Vanderpump to put her restaurants’ names (SUR, Pump, and Villa Blanca) on television as often as possible — long before the show became a legitimate phenomenon, before the cast was being profiled in Vogue, and getting shouted out on Snapchat by Rihanna. (Vanderpump recently quit Real Housewives.) And for most of that six-year run, all I’ve ever wanted from the show was more: more maybe-coded fights about pasta, more of Tequila Katie’s rage-texting, more of Jax’s nose jobs and ill-advised post-breakup tattoos, and more, please god more, of Tom Sandoval’s intricate manscaping rituals and outlandish costume party getups. But if you were writing a narrative arc for the characters of Vanderpump Rules, I had to admit, this would be where you’d want to leave them: at the end of Season 7, when almost everyone appeared more stable, more sane, and generally just happier than they did back when we first encountered them, lo those many years ago. For starters, their romantic relationships have settled down considerably. Stassi Schroeder and Jax Taylor, who spent the first several seasons in a tempestuous, on-again, off-again relationship, have broken up for good, and found partners who seem to genuinely love them. The death of Jax’s father in early 2018 inspired him to propose to longtime girlfriend Brittany Cartwright; the two got married over the summer. Stassi, meanwhile, is engaged to boyfriend Beau Clark. SURvers Katie Maloney-Schwartz and Tom Schwartz are married and talking about having children; Ariana Madix and Tom Sandoval are seriously committed to each other and talking about not getting married o