There are many things that can help you get out of a funk. Exercise. Eating well. Getting enough sleep. Watching 42 cheesy holiday romance movies in a row. OK, I’m exaggerating with that last one. It’s more like 29 in a row. All holiday romance movies have the same formula. You take one pretty, thin, usually white woman with perpetually wavy hair and ever-present makeup (even when she’s just gotten out of bed). Give her a Very Important and Real job in the big city — something like an architect or interior designer or personal shopper or generic executive. Add too many work hours and a boyfriend who won’t commit. Now remove her from the big city and place her in the small town she grew up in but has been too afraid to go back to for emotional reasons — preferably related to the death of a parent, because at least one parent must always be dead. And then here comes the crucial ingredient: one tall, handsome, rugged-but-not-too-rugged man, usually clad in flannel, and almost definitely also white. Give him a sad-but-not-too-sad backstory — again, dead parents are preferable — and perhaps he also lived in the big city once before as well, but he’s grown tired of it and now fully embraces the wholesome charms of a small town life. Throw these two shiny, pretty people together in a meet-cute. Maybe they literally bump into each other or attempt to buy the same Christmas ornament or become competitors in a holiday baking competition. It’s crucial that they hate each other at first, but also that they secretly want to bone each other — or they would, if boning were allowed in the strictly PG-rated world of holiday romance. Keep putting them in cute scenarios like tree-decorating, ice-skating, sleigh-riding, snowman-building, and most of all cookie-baking. The formula is pretty much done when they happen to find themselves underneath the mistletoe, and they kiss, and then there’s a misunderstanding, but it’s cleared up within 10 minutes and we get one more kiss before every