After 24 years, the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show has been canceled. A true loss! No footage of leggy blondes and brunettes and, like, three or four black women trotting down a long runway this Christmas, flirting with Grown Baby Shawn Mendes or nearly knocking Ariana Grande over with a 15-pound feathered wing. What will we do? Probably literally anything else! The Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show started in 1995 as a much simpler version of the winged-out, glittery monstrosity it had morphed into over the last decade. Back then, it was a subdued fashion show on a plain stage, supermodels showing off high-waisted underwear and bras and little wraps tied around their narrow hips. But even as the production changed and expanded, the look of the models largely stayed the same: all very thin, very tall, very conventionally beautiful. None of the models have been plus-size or gender nonconforming. The show’s efforts at diversity have been limited but, I suppose, worth pointing out. Naomi Campbell and Tyra Banks, two of the most famous models in the industry, both first walked the runway in 1996 and many times after that. In 2009, Lui Wen became the first Chinese model to appear in the show. In 2018, Winnie Harlow, a black model, and their first “angel” with vitiligo, walked the runway. That same year, Kelsey Merritt became the first Filipina model to walk. Slowly, the show transformed into something louder and flashier, while still maintaining its roots as a lingerie store for women, created by men. After all, its cofounder Roy Raymond started the company in the late ’70s after feeling like a creep when he was shopping for lingerie for his wife. (It is my sincerest hope that most men now know that many women are often equipped to buy their own lingerie and would perhaps rather be gifted an elegant pen.) The 2002 show kicked off with cameras asking regular people (namely men) what they thought about VS and its models, leading to a bunch of firefighter dudes pointing at a c