“This is usually the part where I tell people to turn off their phones,” the theater attendant announced to my 7:30 p.m. screening of Disobedience. “But since you’re the only one here...um. Go nuts, I guess.” Apparently, I was the only lesbian in Chicago going through a breakup. I’d been single for about a week and, in an intentional effort to leave my apartment, I took myself to a movie. Disobedience, Sebastián Lelio’s 2018 account of a lesbian affair in an Orthodox Jewish community, was the obvious choice because, c’mon, it was Rachel Weisz–on–Rachel McAdams on the big screen. I didn’t end up using my solo attendee freedom to text through the screening, but I did cry. Not because Disobedience is a particularly good movie, or even because I was feeling lonely. More so I was just extremely all up in my gay feelings. Six months later, at another theater across the country, I audibly gasped upon seeing Weisz as Lady Sarah in her pigeon-shooting outfit for the first time. I knew going into The Favourite that it was kind of gay, but did not expect to be immersed in a kaleidoscope of toppy dyke lust. Weisz, Olivia Colman, and Emma Stone were all praised for their portrayals of complex queer women in 18th-century England, but Weisz emerged as the clear, uh, favorite in the LGBTQ community. Throughout the 2019 awards season, Twitter demanded, relentlessly, that Rachel Weisz top them. Not just top — but fully dominate them with hyperbolic levels of violence: Twitter users demanded Weisz do everything from slap them to run them over with a truck to shoot them in the face. (It was like a horny, competitive creative writing exercise.) Thirsty odes were penned. Her red latex Givenchy gown at the Academy Awards became queer canon. Weisz (and Colman) went viral simply (and adorably) for saying “gay rights.” Back in 2009, Weisz had told Vanity Fair Español, “I want to be a lesbian icon.” She apparently got her hands on a copy of The Secret, because a decade later, it was so. But t