The rise of video streaming services has opened up a vast array of TV series’ back catalogs, and with it a debate: Just because we can mainline older shows, does that mean we should? There are more than enough new viewing options being produced (including an endless parade of reboots and revisionist remakes for the nostalgia-inclined) to keep anyone entertained. So why are Gen Z teenagers who weren’t alive in 1994 bingeing Friends on Netflix? And should someone stop them? A lot of the widely cherished shows that have enjoyed renaissances or extended lives through streaming seem culturally out of touch in some ways now — even those that are just 10 or 20 years old, like Friends and Sex and the City. Sensibilities have changed quickly in that time, especially in comedy. What might have passed for funny a couple decades ago (Monica gets cornrows in Barbados! Chandler’s father is a transgender woman played by Kathleen Turner and literally no one can stop saying wildly offensive things! Carrie Bradshaw doesn’t believe in bisexuals!) doesn’t look so good now. But while we battle it out on Twitter about whether we can sensibly enjoy some older shows while keeping their historic limitations in mind, one thing is for sure: If you’re looking for a safe port of funny — and progressive — comfort viewing in the storm of peak TV and cancel culture, you can’t do better than The Mary Tyler Moore Show. The Mary Tyler Moore Show, which ran from 1970 to 1977 and will celebrate its 50th anniversary next year, is still one of the best things you can watch, by any method, at any time. (It’s now streaming on Hulu, and available for purchase on Amazon Prime and Apple.) That’s a tribute to the show’s quality and charm, but also to its politics. Unlike a lot of other comedies in the “vintage TV” category, the show does not mine jokes from sexual harassment, gay panic, or race and gender stereotypes. The Mary Tyler Moore Show churned out great episodes through most of the 1970s that are not j