Dear Caitlin, Congratulations on getting into college! What a privilege. Not to say you didn’t do your part to make it here. (High school yearbooks don’t edit themselves!) Many good and many terrible things will happen to you on this well-pruned, high-fenced campus. Keep in mind that the most disturbing and bewildering moments will make you— me!—a stronger Older Caitlin. Let’s not spend too much time discussing academics. You’ll do just fine. So much reading awaits you, a bibliophile’s dream. Your sociology courses will impart a necessary anger towards society’s inequities, and you’ll find much to rage against outside the classroom as well. You, my West Coast public school–raised duckling, should earn study-abroad credit for navigating the social waters of an all-but-Ivy-League pond of wealthy, New England boarding school alums. Your year in Madrid will be less of a culture shock. I know you’re currently eying the legacy students and considering converting to their aesthetic. Don’t waste your time. Pink and green don’t pair. Salmon-red pants and those tiny embroidered elephants are atrocities. Stick to your initial reaction: no one should get to wear such ’80s-throwback frivolities without being pickpocketed. Besides, your true uniform will develop soon enough: more dog collars than pearl necklaces, a show of allegiance to the worldwide queer mafia rather than to someone’s grandparents’ country club. Any minute now you’ll hear about a party at one of the oldest frats on campus—founded in 1850! Designated a national historic landmark in 1985! The party will be called “Anything for Money.” This is how your classmates will meet their future spouses, but no house in the Hamptons awaits you for starring in some rich boy’s Girls Gone Wild–style cell phone video. Stay in and study your sociology. There will be incidents during these years that I won’t make light of in this letter. You are entering a four-year struggle to maintain bodily autonomy. There will be young men wh