I don’t know how we’re going to explain a show like It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia to younger generations. The concept of the show is simple enough — a brother and sister, their dad, and two friends hang out at the bar they own all day, getting into hijinks. The episode descriptions, however, are impossible to describe without cringing. “A guy dies in Paddy’s Pub. Dennis and Mac use the guy’s death as an excuse to get close to the guy’s attractive granddaughter. Meanwhile, Charlie discovers that Dennis and Dee’s grandfather was a Nazi,” reads the IMDb synopsis of Season 1’s “The Gang Finds a Dead Guy.” Another episode synopsis from Season 3, “Sweet Dee’s Dating a Retarded Person,” reads, “While Dennis and Dee try to figure out if the rapper Dee is dating has a mental handicap or not, Charlie, Mac, and Frank try to start their own band without knowledge of how to play musical instruments.” Please trust me when I say this episode is a classic, not because of the Dee plotline, but because Dennis and Charlie sing a song about the “Dayman, fighter of the Nightman” while huffing silver aerosol paint out of a sock. The show, which premiered in 2005, is about five bad people being bad in every sense of the world: They’re racist, sexist, abusive little shits who should, by any other metric, make for an absolutely miserable television-watching experience. I mean, Mac does blackface, for Christ’s sake. In 2013!!! And yet it’s one of the funniest shows on television. Its 14th season premiered Wednesday night on FXX, making it (along with the 1952–1966 sitcom, The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet) the longest-running live-action comedy in history. Amid renewed conversations about cancel culture, and complaints that it is keeping comedians — particularly straight white male ones — from making the work that they want without censorship or disruption from the politically correct–obsessed left, it’s remarkable that a show like It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia has lasted this long