“It’s like being hit by lightning,” author Jean Kwok told me from her home in the Netherlands over the phone in September. “It was a career-changing, life-changing event.” In June of this year, Kwok’s third novel, Searching for Sylvie Lee, received the golden ticket upon its release: It was the Read With Jenna pick of the month. For a book club that only started in March — when Jenna Bush Hager was named the Today show’s new fourth-hour cohost with Hoda Kotb — Read With Jenna has proven to be a force in the world of publishing. For Kwok, Hager’s approval meant that by the end of the day, after being announced as the book club’s next pick, Sylvie Lee had moved up to No. 3 on Amazon’s list of top-selling books. It became an instant New York Times bestseller, and as of Sept. 9, the book is in its sixth printing. While those numbers were impressive, Hager’s pick also meant that for the month of June, the avid Today show audience — which averages 4 million people and is composed of — a demographic of adults ages 25–54, would be thinking about her work. “For a book like mine, which I think has multiple entry points,” Kwok said, “you could read it just for the story, as a kind of suspense novel, but it also has a lot of layers about immigration and race.” The community for Read With Jenna is growing exponentially on Facebook — it’s tripled from 5,000 followers in June to 15,000 followers now — and on Instagram (where it has 42,500 followers). And as the month went on, Kwok found the club to be a beautiful thing. She noticed in the Facebook community “people love reading together, and they say that they’re reading books that they never would’ve picked by themselves. There’s also a lot of people that will say they haven’t read in a very long time — if ever — and the book club has brought them back to reading.” At the end of June, Kwok appeared on Today’s Instagram Live and answered questions from readers. She was also interviewed on Today by Hager and Maria Shriver. It was a