On Monday night, the season finale of MTV’s Are You the One? came to a close with champagne-fueled exclamations of victory. “This is for the queers,” Jenna said before the last two beams of light shot up, indicating that all the participants on this season of the reality dating show had found their “perfect matches” — winning them the game. “In the queer community, the odds are always stacked against us,” Jasmine explained, while her perfect match, Nour, nodded aggressively in agreement. Then there was Kari: “We showed the world that despite the odds, the queer community rises up again!” Many members of the queer community were, in fact, going to bed. The credits rolled just after midnight. I was glad the group won, but I was also surprised. They were right — I’d been convinced they would fail. Not because I, a chaotic bisexual, wasn’t so sure I’d be able to spot my “perfect match” among 15 other chaotic bisexuals (as if following your heart was really as easy as the cliché suggests) — but because I know how hard it is for a queer person to try to play by straight people’s rules and win at their game. Now in its eighth season, Are You the One? is a reality game show involving 16 singles who live together while participating in challenges, all in the hopes of correctly identifying their “perfect match.” These perfect matches are predetermined by a team of “relationship experts” and according to undisclosed criteria. If everyone in the house finds their match, the participants split a million-dollar cash prize. This season, every contestant was sexually fluid. As the host, Terrence J., kept reminding everyone, “For the first time in Are You the One? history, anyone could end up with anyone.” But by the penultimate episode, it seemed possible this season was poised to make Are You the One? history in another way: by featuring a group who wouldn’t find their perfect matches, losing them the game and $750,000. (They had lost a quarter of their potential million after the