Late one night a few years ago, my 14-year-old daughter, Kayla, texted me. 911 Kayla: i need to talk to u She’d prefixed her contact name in my cellphone to read “911,” a way of asserting her significance in my life. Seeing it always made me smile. It was after midnight, but I dutifully responded. Me: Can we talk tomorrow? You have school in the morning. 911 Kayla: stop using punctuation in texts its weird Me: It’s not weird. 911 Kayla: ur such a mom Text bubbles danced for long moments on my screen before her next message popped up: 911 Kayla: i don’t know how to tell u this but im gay I blinked. My finger hovered uncertainly over my iPhone screen as I read and reread her text. My husband and I had adopted Kayla and her brother, Devon, out of foster care over a decade earlier. When she first came to live with us, she was 2, with dimples, gobs of curly hair, and an offbeat sense of humor. Her freckle-faced brother, Devon, was 3. Kayla didn’t yet have a conscious awareness of her sexual identity, and it didn’t occur to me she might be gay. I was far more concerned about her low self-esteem and difficulties with attachment as she adjusted into our family. I was raised in the heady, evangelical Christian movement of the ’80s and ’90s. For many years, I unquestioningly accepted the belief that homosexuality was wrong and a behavioral choice, but during my thirties, I became disenchanted with the religion of my youth. I reconsidered the tenets of my faith and the shortfalls of organized religion and its anti-abortion, anti-gay, pro-gun political agenda. During that time, my conservative ideology shifted, including my stance on LGBTQ issues. I worked from home and often chatted over IM with my coworker Brian about our kids. He had an adopted teenage son, a few years older than my kids, and was the most devoted and involved dad I knew. I imagined his family — his wife and son — to be happy and close just like my own family. But Brian didn’t have a wife. I eventually discov