If you like your thrillers with a dash of horror, you’ll love Riley Sager’s latest novel Lock Every Door, which feels eerily similar to Rosemary’s Baby (emphasis on the eerie) but with a broke millennial twist. After losing her job, her boyfriend, and her apartment in the same week, Jules scores a too-good-to-be-true job as a highly paid apartment sitter in a historical Central Park West apartment complete with gargoyles…and a bizarre list of rules. She soon realizes that things aren’t quite as they seem when another apartment sitter disappears and she begins to investigate the building’s sordid history. Just like in Rosemary’s Baby, Jules has to decide who she can trust. Lock Every Door is suspenseful with twists you won’t see coming. A devastating fall that might not have been an accident, two separate paternity mysteries, an affluent West Coast seaside town — no, this isn’t Big Little Lies. But if you’re disappointed that there won’t be a Season 3, pick up The Night Olivia Fell by Christina McDonald. The plot centers around single mom Abi, who is awakened in the night by the news that her daughter has fallen off a bridge and is brain dead and pregnant. When the police rule the fall an accident, Abi begins a heartbreaking journey to find the truth for herself. You’ll want to read The Night Olivia Fell slowly as it’s equally a story about mothers, daughters, and the secrets they keep to protect each other. If there’s one book I wished was longer this year, it’s Girls Like Us by Cristina Alger. You’ll most likely recognize some of the ripped-from-the-headlines plot elements in the novel — including a reclusive financier known for his celebrity-studded parties with teenage girls, and a serial killer who’s been using Long Island beaches as a dumping ground — but that’s just part of what makes Girls Like Us so gripping. When FBI agent Nell Flynn’s estranged detective father dies unexpectedly in a motorcycle crash, she returns home to Suffolk County for the first time i