A good way to make yourself feel like you’ve got any kind of control over your life is to play with dolls, because you can make them do whatever you want. Another good thing about owning Barbies if you’re a little queer girl is that you can look at their naked bodies and not feel like anyone will say anything weird to you for it, because if there’s anything we know about Barbies, it’s that they were manufactured for the purpose of taking their clothes off and putting new clothes on. I make my dolls kiss, topless. I run their plastic hands across my own body. Their chests are rounded and perfectly shaped. Their waists are slim enough to fit the smallest imaginable skirt. Their feet are formed to slip inside Cinderella’s slipper. No one else will ever have feet so small and good as mine, says Barbie. I’m perfect. I don’t have a dream house or a car. I don’t have any of the extras. “We’re poor,” says my mother. We can’t afford any of the stuff that Barbie can. Barbie is rich. Barbie has a better wardrobe, nicer toiletries, a swimsuit that’s not a hand-me-down from a second cousin. I do have some kitchen stuff. I have a small, off-brand pink plastic microwave gifted to me by an aunt. Everything Barbie owns is pink, even though I don’t like pink and we have to have a girly bedroom because I share with my sister and that’s what she’d prefer, even though she’s eight years younger than me. Pink bedspread, pink walls, pink lamp that glows and lights up all the stains I’ve gotten on the gingham. If Barbie’s stained, it’s from me. She’d never get into that kind of mess on her own. “You dirty everything you touch,” says my mother, and it’s true. I am the kind of girl whose hair is never brushed. I’ll brush Barbie’s hair, though. I’ll try to keep her clean. One day, I take a shoebox and I make Barbie a bedroom by setting it on its side and using the lid as a propped-up wall. I decorate it with markers. I turn Kleenex into bedsheets. Cotton ball pillow. Barbie lies down amid all 