A video of Brad Pitt getting hit by a car went viral a few months ago. Technically, he gets hit by two cars, the first launching him into the air to bounce off the windshield of the other with the rubbery spring of an egg soaked in maple syrup. The slapstick severity of the accident isn't even the weird part. The weird part is the scene that precedes it, in which Pitt and Claire Forlani walk away from each other down a city street for what feels like forever, the soundtrack assuring us that this is the most poignant shit we've ever seen. First she stops and looks back, and then he does, then her, then him, her again, him again, and then, boom, cars. Forlani puts visible effort into projecting yearning and indecision into her backward glances. Pitt looks more like someone who's idly wondering if Whole Foods is down this block or the next one. The clip was from the 1998 movie Meet Joe Black, and it wasn't just a sign of how one decade's interminable romantic fantasy can fade from pop cultural memory only to be rediscovered as another's internet novelty. It was also a reminder of what a curiously inert leading man Pitt could be, and was, for long stretches of his A-list career. In the tepid top-billed roles Pitt took when he was breaking big in the ’90s, in films like the aforementioned Joe Black, or Edward Zwick's silly/serious Legends of the Fall (1994), or the trudging biopic Seven Years in Tibet (1997), he wasn't — as critic Dana Stevens once perfectly described Keanu Reeves — blurry. He was bloodless (literally, in the otherwise-a-scream 1994 Anne Rice adaptation Interview With the Vampire), an absurdly angel-faced absence at the center of these failed prestige pics. But at the same time, he was doing infinitely more engaged and exciting work as a supporting character in Kalifornia and True Romance (both 1993), in 12 Monkeys (1995) and Fight Club (1999). And in his latest role, as Cliff Booth in Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, he’s maybe the best he’s ever been as 