Celebrated author Toni Morrison, the acclaimed American novelist who became the first black woman to win the Nobel Prize in literature, died Monday. “We are profoundly sad to report that Toni Morrison has died at the age of 88,” said her publisher Knopf on Tuesday morning. According to a statement released by the Morrison family, Morrison passed away surrounded by her loved ones Monday night after a "short illness" that was not specified. "She was an extremely devoted mother, grandmother, and aunt who reveled in being with her family and friends," her family said. "The consummate writer who treasured the written word, whether her own, her students, or others, she read voraciously and was most at home when writing." Sonny Mehta, the editor-in-chief and chair of the Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group, said he could "think of few writers in American letters who wrote with more humanity or with more love for language than Toni.” "Her narratives and mesmerizing prose have made an indelible mark on our culture. Her novels command and demand our attention," Mehta said. "They are canonical works, and more importantly, they are books that remain beloved by readers.” Though she wrote many essays, Morrison was best known for her novels, including her first, The Bluest Eye, which took the literary world by storm in 1970 and led to other works such as Song of Solomon, Sula, and Tar Baby. Morrison’s Beloved, which was considered by some to be her magnum opus, won the writer the highly coveted Pulitzer Prize in fiction in 1988. The work was adapted for the big screen in 1998 in a film helmed by Jonathan Demme and starring Oprah Winfrey, Danny Glover, Thandie Newton, and Kimberly Elise. She was awarded the Nobel Prize in literature in 1993 in recognition of her entire writing career, becoming the first black woman to receive that prestigious honor. Morrison, whose birth name was Chloe Anthony Wofford, was born in Lorain, Ohio, in February of 1931. A lifelong reader, the legendary aut