When Rhys Ernst’s directorial debut, Adam — adapted by Ariel Schrag from her 2014 novel of the same name — premiered at Sundance this past January, the film got good-to-great reviews. The Hollywood Reporter called it “sweetly subversive.” According to Film Inquiry, Adam is a “surprisingly hilarious, complicated look at a pivotal moment in queer culture.” That praise extended from more mainstream press to LGBTQ outlets; a reviewer at Out magazine wrote that “Adam is one of those films that works well, both as a learning lesson and a conversation starter for transgender issues.” But now, weeks before it’s scheduled to hit New York and Los Angeles theaters in mid-August, Adam has accrued an abysmal 1.7/10 rating on IMDb, multiple Change.org petitions are calling for its release to be canceled, and hundreds of posts across Instagram and Twitter have demanded that we #BoycottAdam. Adam, from the beginning, was bound to court controversy. Schrag’s novel and her adaptation tell the story of an awkward teenage boy, who’s straight and cisgender, during the summer before his senior year of high school. The titular Adam (Nicholas Alexander) moves in with his cool older sister, Casey (Margaret Qualley), a college student and a lesbian. It’s 2006, and Adam is swept up in Casey’s joyous, chaotic, and complicated world in New York City, one in which young queer and trans people are riding on the shifting tides of love, sex, and identity. One night, at a party, Adam starts talking to Gillian (Bobbi Salvör Menuez). Hours after they’ve begun awkwardly hitting it off, Adam realizes that Gillian thinks he’s trans. Presumably, as a lesbian, she wouldn’t be into dating a cis guy, but even though she’s never dated trans men before, she says she’s completely open to it. In that first moment, Adam decides not to correct her misconception, and for the rest of the summer he’ll keep deciding not to. Director Rhys Ernst, 36, who is himself trans, was well aware when taking on this project that 