If you can't see the sign-up box above, you can sign up here. I won't lie — I was first drawn to Buzz, Sting, Bite because of its beautiful cover, but I was taken in from the first page. Anne Sverdrup-Thygeson writes playfully and accessibly about the world of insects — where they live, how they thrive, what we can learn from them, why they're so necessary — and I found myself unable to stop reading, nudging my husband awake with weird facts about the sex lives of these tiny creatures. (Did you know that the aquatic insect known as the male water boatman turns his body into a violin to attract his mates, "using his abdomen as a string and his penis as a bow"? I'm sorry to say you do now.) This book is fascinating, so fun, and perfect for when you're looking for a break from heady fiction. –Arianna Rebolini Get it from Amazon for $24.38 or Barnes & Noble for $25.11. Calling all horoscope-lovers — this book is for YOU! Star-Crossed by Minnie Darke is an enchanting read that follows not only two protagonists but also a whole slew of characters you'll find yourself surprisingly invested in. Whether you define yourself by your astrological sign or don't even know if you're a Taurus or a Scorpio, this book will capture your attention and keep you entertained from the first page to the last. The main characters are Justine (Sagittarius, hopeful journalist, astrology skeptic) and Nick (Aquarius, swears by his stars, starving actor) who grew up together in a small town. Sparks flew between them when they were teens, but then Nick moved away and they never heard or saw from one another ... until now. You'll love following along with Justine's antics as she abuses her position at a local magazine by meddling with Nick's monthly horoscope in hopes of guiding him into her own arms. Except — Nick isn't the only Aquarius taking advice from his horoscope. Woven between each chapter is a variety of other Aquariuses who either fully believe in horoscopes or read it by chance and take