If you weren't one of the 66,000 people who paid anywhere from $50 to $75 to watch the livestream of the wedding between Jake Paul and Tana Mongeau earlier this week — or even if you have no idea who they are — there's still a pretty good chance you caught some of the less-than-glowing press coverage that followed. There was so much backlash partly because of why these two are famous to begin with: Jake Paul is Logan Paul’s brother, and a YouTube star in his own right, while Mongeau dated Bella Thorne and got her own MTV show, No Filter: Tana Turns 21, about...being a celebrity YouTuber. Paul and Mongeau have only been dating (or at least saying they’re dating) since April, so their engagement, announced last month, was greeted with lots of skepticism. The resulting wedding, a cheaply sponsored affair featuring Oprah and Bruno Mars impersonators and culminating in a big fight, did nothing to dispel widespread feelings that this was all a publicity stunt designed to promote Mongeau’s show. (Even Logan described his brother’s wedding as “preemptive,” which he seemed to think means premature.) Of course, some onlookers are merely annoyed because they suspect that being a YouTube star and getting on reality TV are scams requiring little talent. (See TanaCon.) But the chatter about the faux wedding — and its role in promoting Mongeau’s show — arguably also speaks to bigger questions and gendered anxieties about the ongoing intertwinement of fame, commerce, and identity. Announcing significant life events on social media is commonplace now. And yet as people (mostly women) of varying levels of celebrity collaborate with brands to monetize their engagements, pregnancy announcements, and weddings, mini backlashes occasionally erupt. (The staged engagement of influencer and blindingly white Goop employee Marissa Fuchs — which her boyfriend had pitched to potential sponsors months in advance — allegedly got her exiled from the industry for tackiness.) These controversies, how