“Crumple the flower, Jane. Now try to make it look new again,” instructs Alba, Jane’s abuela, in the opening minutes of Jane the Virgin’s pilot episode. “I can’t,” Jane replies. “That’s right, you can never go back. And that’s what happens when you lose your virginity. You can never go back. Never forget that, Jane,” warns Alba. It’s young Jane’s first lesson about sex and virginity and one that clearly informs the premise of the series. When viewers first met Jane back in 2014, the 23-year-old had never had sexual intercourse, despite being in a two-year relationship with the lovable, rule-following cop Michael Cordero. Alba made it clear — no sex before marriage, a notion rooted in her religious and cultural beliefs. (Later, we learn her insistence on no premarital sex was in response to the familial humiliation she endured when she had sex outside of wedlock with Jane’s grandfather, and also in response to Jane’s mother, Xiomara, who got pregnant with Jane when she was just a teen.) But as fans of the show now know, a mix-up at the doctor’s office results in Jane being artificially inseminated with the sperm of the dreamy hotel magnate Rafael, which completely upends her life (straight out of a telenovela, right?). Five seasons later, as the show comes to an end this Wednesday, Jane’s attitude toward sex has changed dramatically, and so have the attitudes of her mother and grandmother. After decades of buildup, Jane meaningfully lost her virginity and went on to have more casual yet equally fulfilling sexual relationships with different men. Xo, who struggled with the shame of getting pregnant as a teen and subsequently being stereotyped as “promiscuous,” reached an understanding with her more traditional mother after butting heads with her her whole life. She also came into her own as a woman outside of her sexuality, defining herself and her relationships in other ways. Alba used to shudder at the mere mention of sex, but now in the final season, she’s even usi