“There’s been plenty of speculation about this hot young r&b star’s sexuality, but most of it has been drowned out by the adoration by fans and famous alike,” wrote the gossip site Bossip in 2012. “After keeping folks guessing in 2011, this soul singer will answer any questions about which team he’s swinging for with his upcoming musical release.” This was a blind item about Frank Ocean, then a quickly rising R&B star who would later address rumors about his sexuality on social media. But in a lot of ways, this story may well have been written about Lil Nas X now in 2019. This June, which marked the 50th anniversary of the Stonewall riots, 20-year-old Lil Nas X, one of hip-hop’s most interesting new artists, came out. Or, at least, that’s what it seemed like. “Some of y’all already know, some of y’all don’t care, some of y’all not gone [fuck with me] no more,” the “Old Town Road” rapper announced to his growing following of 2 million people on Twitter on June 30. He then instructed fans to listen to “C7osure (You Like),” a track from his debut EP 7, with a special emphasis that his legion of loyal supporters do it before “this month ends.” He signed off that tweet with three emojis, including one of the rainbow, a symbol famously synonymous with queerness. The word “gay” did not appear anywhere in Lil Nas X’s initial tweets, which prompted varying headlines that read the star “seemingly” came out while others straight-up questioned whether he’d actually done the thing. The ambiguity of the rapper’s word choice seemed to have been intentional. In a follow-up tweet later that day, he wrote, “deadass thought i made it obvious” with an attachment of his EP’s cover art depicting a building broadcasting the colors of the pride flag. In his joking and Extremely Online way, Lil Nas X is challenging what it means to come out on the public stage — especially now, when fans feel their proximity to their favorite stars’ public lives must equal an all-access pass to their person