Responses have been edited for clarity and length. "A strong female character along with a very interesting setting and excellent writing made for an excellent read during vacation downtime!" —xavierg226 Get it from Amazon or Barnes & Noble for $15.60. "It's a retelling of the classic Greek myth but from Patroclus' point of view. It stretches from when they were childhood friends to growing up together and getting to Troy and discovering their love for each other. It's romantic, adventurous, and you won't be able to put it down before finishing it!" —donutella94 Get it from Amazon for $15.29 or Barnes & Noble for $15.75. "It's unique, humorous, mysterious, and puts beloved fictional characters in a new light!" —dreamer45688 Get it from Amazon for $9.31 or Barnes & Noble for $15.29. "If you’re going anywhere sunny and beautiful, this is the book for you! It spans modern-day Los Angeles to 1950s Italy and it’s so dreamy." —katieg77 Get it from Amazon for $11.45 or Barnes & Noble for $15.29. "It's an amazing book with parallel stories of a grandmother in Cuba in the '50s and her granddaughter traveling to Cuba for the first time in present day. It feels like you are really there with the characters and was the perfect vacation read. I even braved car sickness to finish it on the road trip home! It's my go-to recommendation for everyone now." —kybe3 Get it from Amazon for $11.93 or Barnes & Noble for $12.75. "My best vacation read is one that I picked up at a local bookstore on said vacation. I gift this book to everyone for Christmas. It’s an intense psychological thriller that leaves you wanting more. It starts off a bit slow but the good kind of slow that you just don’t want to put down because you are dying to know what this all leads up to. This book messed with my head and almost four years later I still think about it at least once a week. I recommend Yates’s books to everyone! They will be your favorite vacation, summer, fall, winter, spring and holiday reads." 