The most upsetting scenes in Midsommar have nothing to do with Swedish fertility cults or their gruesome rites, and everything to do with isolation — and what someone might be willing to do to avoid it. They're right at the top of the movie, the second from writer-director Ari Aster, when the protagonist Dani (Florence Pugh) casts around frantically for emotional reinforcement on what turns out to be the worst day of her life. Dani's a college student living away from home, far enough that when she gets a frightening email hinting at self-harm from her sister, who has bipolar disorder, she can only make futile attempts to reach her and their parents by phone. They're unresponsive, leaving Dani in a helpless panic. She pictures the worst while also worrying that she might be overreacting, as though the support of the people around her is a limited resource she's wasting on what might be nothing. That’s why she hesitates before calling her boyfriend, Christian (Jack Reynor), the anthropology grad student who's been trying to slow-fade her, afraid that she's burdening him with family baggage. "What if I'm scaring him off?" she bleats to a friend, who rightly counters that being there for someone in their time of need is the basic stuff of a relationship. It's a devastatingly lonely modern moment. The distance between Dani and her loved ones yawns, vast and unbridgeable by any of her various devices, and no one around her is someone she feels she can really lean on. Not Christian, who actually does think she asks too much of him, whose pals urge him to dump her, saying she needs a therapist and he needs someone who actually likes sex. Christian can barely be counted on to answer her phone call, much less help her shoulder real anguish. Dani has to wait for the news about her family, but we know immediately — from the way the camera stalks through their snow-covered house like a predator — that something terrible has happened. Her howls of grief when she finds out are th