"My current favorite memoir is First They Killed My Father. I just finished it this past weekend. It was FANTASTIC. I hurt for the author and her family for having to go through all of that pain and heartbreak." —Abby M. "One memoir I love is Kitchen Privileges by Mary Higgins Clark. Initially, I thought Clark was a longtime successful writer who probably knew all along what she wanted to do. I never considered how long it would take her to publish and how much I would relate to her story. Clark had many struggles and had to change plans several times to make things work and to make ends meet. She didn't come to writing early and had already had several careers when she was finally published. "I think this memoir speaks to perseverance in a strong way, partly because Clark doesn't preach about it — she just tells a story of how she kept trying different things and finally made the choice to write. Anyone struggling in life and/or struggling to be a writer can relate in so many ways to this book." —Michelle L. "I loved Tina Sinatra's memoir, My Father's Daughter. It was completely heartfelt and riveting." —Jaime G. "I've been getting into memoirs this last year or so. Some of my most recent include I Miss You When I Blink by Mary Laura Philpott, I Might Regret This by Abbi Jacobson, and Educated by Tara Westover. My favorite, though, is a classic in the genre: My Life in Paris by Julia Child and Alex Prud'homme. I fell in love with Child's personality that emanated from the pages. She was such a free spirit and incredibly vivacious. She's also inspirational in that she started her cooking career fairly late in her life, but became one of the most famous chefs in the world." —Gabrielle B. "My girlfriends and I read Between the World and Me for our book club last year, and I was very moved by it. As a white woman, there are just some things I will never be able understand about the black experience. This book was a reminder about just how much I don't know — even thoug