A tweet about influencers flocking to Chernobyl to take selfies made the rounds the other day, quickly racking up thousands of retweets and at least as much eyerolling. It didn't seem to matter that only one of the screengrabbed accounts actually had a legit influencer-worthy following, and that two seemed to belong to everyday tourists from different parts of Eastern Europe. The fourth photo was such a doozy that it cast a disreputable pall over the others — even though a quick look over the rest of the account, which belongs to a woman who writes in Russian, suggests it was a calculated grab for internet notoriety. She appears in two shots, in lingerie and sheer coveralls that look a little like a hazmat suit — a radioactive thirst trap so hilariously tasteless it deserves a round of applause. Hers is the only one of these photos that hasn't been deleted following the deluge of "kids these days" scorn the viral tweet prompted. Everyone cares a lot about the 1986 Soviet nuclear disaster at the moment, thanks to HBO's miniseries Chernobyl, which ended June 3. Over the course of its five installments, the ratings for the US/UK coproduction kept ticking upward until it qualified as an unexpected phenom, generating attention for the way it vaulted to the top of the TV ratings chart on IMDb (the same site that firmly declares The Shawshank Redemption the greatest movie of all time). Visits to the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone have reportedly surged since the series began, which is probably what prompted Chernobyl creator Craig Mazin, upon seeing the photos, to urge the show's fans to behave. "If you visit, please remember that a terrible tragedy occurred there," he tweeted. "Comport yourselves with respect for all who suffered and sacrificed." It was the kind of well-intentioned statement that feels weirder the more you consider it. Mazin is American, after all — a screenwriter whose past work includes the second and third Hangovers, the third and fourth Scary Movies, and th