"This book is incredibly dense, packed full of elaborate prose and heady ideas. A very inventive fantasy world with an unpredictable plot and intriguing characters. This is definitely not your average fantasy book — no knights in shining armor, no powerful wizards saving the day. Instead you have cactus people, strange spider gods, winged bird people from the desert who have a very nonhuman set of morals and cultural norms. The setting is almost a character in itself." —Chelsea (Amazon) "When the story starts, the main character has spent almost a year in an insane asylum, so she questions everything, including her own motivations. I thought the book would focus a lot more on dystopian world building, but instead it focuses much more on the characters, and in particular how the main character discovers what has happened and what it takes to live in this world. The plot is solid, with a steady pacing, and I loved every second of it." —Silverscarf (Amazon) "The modern world of computers and hackers and technology meets the djinn of the Arabian Nights. Alif, a hacker, receives a strange old book, and this unleashes an even stranger series of events when he becomes enemy of the state and enters a parallel world — the realm of ghosts and spirits and djinn and other magical creatures. It's a different kind of coming-of-age as the main character discovers the limits of perception, the power of belief, and the gift of love. The style is alert, concise, and silky smooth; we are swept together with the characters, witnessing the battle between good and evil with an unexpected twist." —Andreea Pausan (Amazon) "Nahri is a clever con artist, with strange healing powers, who soon realizes she may not be completely human. She sets out on a journey with Dara, a daeva (don't call him a djinn) with a grumpy personality and a dark past. Alizayd is the prince of Daevabad — a righteous boy who wants to do well but doesn't always succeed in court politics."As the main characters intersec