Here at BuzzFeed Books, we've fallen in love with Sarah Gailey's latest novel, Magic for Liars, about a private investigator called to a school for magic to look into a grisly murder. (We even named it one of our favorite books of this summer.) We asked the Los Angeles–based author to tell us about their writing space and routine — to show us where the magic (pun intended) happens. Here's what they had to say about their "Giganto desk," the "Infinite Calendar," and, most importantly, the Cuboid. BuzzFeed Books: Tell us about your writing space. Sarah Gailey: My writing space is my home office, where I share a double-wide desk with my partner, who also works at home. The desk faces a giant window, so there's plenty of natural light for the zillion plants, several of which sprouted or propagated on this very desk over the course of my most recent manuscript! Not pictured: the dog, who is usually snoozing on the couch behind me. She interrupts my workflow a few times a day to demand a trip outside, which is good because it reminds me about things like "other people" and "the sky" and "things that aren't work," or whatever. We have a ton of plants (I can quit anytime I want). There's the Infinite Calendar, which hangs on the wall and covers my big career stuff for the next couple of years. I also have several different skulls, bones, tusks, and knives scattered throughout the space, as well as a strange transparent cuboid I found while walking the dog. The Cuboid is my friend and confidant. It knows all. Trust in the Cuboid. Why here? SG: I love writing here for a lot of reasons. First, because it's in my home, which means I never have to wear pants that aren't comfortable, and no one is nearby to bother me. Second, because I've made my setup ergonomic — I have a little footrest because I'm too short for my feet to touch the ground, and I have cushions for my chair and keyboard. All of this goes a long way toward giving me a workspace that doesn't exacerbate my chronic 