The day before Thanksgiving, 2000, in response to a review I’d written as pop music critic at the Chicago Sun-Times about R. Kelly’s then-current album “TP-2.Com,” I received a fax. “Robert’s problem,” the anonymous correspondent wrote, “is young girls.” The accusation had long been whispered on the local music scene, even before gossips said he married his 15-year-old protégé Aaliyah in 1994, and I initially tossed the letter in the slush pile of hate mail and press releases on the corner of my desk, eventually destined for the trash. But it gnawed at me through the long holiday weekend — the letter had too many names, dates, and details to be mere rumor — and on Monday, I began looking into the charges with the paper’s legal affairs correspondent, Abdon Pallasch. After six weeks of grinding 14-hour days, we published the first story about the man I believe is the worst abuser in the history of popular music, which is saying something, given the art form’s long and ignoble history of male stars mistreating women. For 16 years, I never stopped reporting, taking the calls and emails from victims who said Kelly had never stopped hurting young women, even after he was acquitted on charges of making child pornography in 2008. On November 2, 2016, when I received an email from a mother in Georgia, I didn’t sleep on it. At first, the story that Jonjelyn or “J.” and her husband Tim Savage told me about their daughter Joy was hard to believe: Kelly was now effectively leading a sex cult, in total control of the lives of six young women in the Atlanta suburb of Johns Creek, they said. A second set of parents, Angelo and Alice Clary, soon told me the same story about their daughter Azriel, and I confirmed the information from these parents by talking to ten more sources, all of them on the record, and many providing extensive corroborating documentation. Despite the evidence I compiled, the story about Kelly’s cult proved more difficult to publish than any in my career, and t