The day after Booksmart debuted at the SXSW Film Festival in March, the team behind the acclaimed teen comedy appeared in a panel together to discuss the film, about two overachieving high school seniors, Molly (Beanie Feldstein) and Amy (Kaitlyn Dever), and their mad scramble to reclaim their social lives the night before graduation. Roughly 45 minutes into the hourlong panel, a woman in the audience stepped up to a microphone and asked about how the filmmakers approached Amy’s queerness. “For somebody who identifies as gay, and has seen a bunch of gay and lesbian roles onscreen, I really have to applaud you guys,” she said. “You guys, like, nailed it — making it so realistic for girls that age. … How did you do it?” Wilde answered by saying she wanted to treat Amy’s sexuality the way she thought her peers would: by making it “a nonissue,” a sentiment that screenwriter Katie Silberman then echoed. “Our friends who identify as queer, it’s like the fifth thing you would mention about them, if not the 15th,” Silberman said. Then Feldstein spoke up. “It was really meaningful for me to watch the film,” she said. “My partner’s a woman.” Feldstein spoke these words with such matter-of-fact composure that one could be forgiven for not realizing that she had, in fact, just publicly come out. The 25-year-old actor, whose career exploded in 2017 as Saoirse Ronan’s BFF in Lady Bird, explained how moved she was during Amy’s climactic love scene in the film, especially because Wilde and Silberman chose to emphasize the human, awkward moments often cut out of teen love scenes, like the clumsy struggle it is just to take off your own pants. “Representation is really important,” Feldstein said. “I think if I could have seen our film earlier, I think I maybe would have found myself a bit sooner.” No one onstage remarked on Feldstein’s nonchalant revelation, but the moment was not lost on other women panelists. “I was really proud of her,” Wilde told BuzzFeed News last month before B