The only time I’ve seen Adam Driver in person, he was at the American Museum of Natural History in New York, his face tinted slightly blue from the light reflecting off the 94-foot blue whale that dominates the Hall of Ocean Life. It was the night of the Season 4 premiere of Girls in 2015, and the room was sprinkled with celebrities: Natasha Lyonne, Jon Hamm, Tavi Gevinson, Karlie Kloss, Nicky Hilton, and, of course, Lena Dunham, who’d cast Driver for what was originally supposed to be a one-episode appearance. At these sorts of events, celebrities are never not surrounded. But Driver was more like me: off to the side, all alone, staring into space, not making eye contact with anything except his crudités. In hindsight, Driver was probably alone because he skipped the actual premiere — he refuses to watch himself in any performance — and showed up to the party before the rest of the fawning mob. But that vision of him, a tall beacon across the room, solitary and yet wholly unconcerned about it, has stuck with me. It’s not just that Driver seemed unconcerned with the pageantry of stardom; lots of actors, particularly men, are. It was how singular, how exceptional, he looked, even amid the sea of New York cool kids that accumulated around Dunham in those days. From the beginning of his time in the public eye, Driver has been positioned as exceptional: in his performance as Adam Sackler, Dunham’s beguiling on- and off-again love interest in Girls; in his oft-reported backstory as the stepson of an Indiana preacher who enlisted in the Marines before making it to Juilliard; and that baritone voice, which Vulture aptly described as its own form of woodwind. And then there’s his body, which can best be described as confusingly hot, and his career choices, which have ricocheted between blockbusters (the almost-too-compelling Star Wars villain Kylo Ren), auteur passion projects (Silence, The Dead Don’t Die), and quasi-indie prestige pictures (The Report, BlacKkKlansman). Dri