When she found out she was pregnant, Sam Blakely balled up her shower curtain, bit down, and screamed. “There were so many emotions: Overwhelming devastation, anguish, terror, despair,” the 25-year-old said. “And I didn’t tell anyone about it except my rapist. I didn’t feel like I could.” A few weeks before taking her first pregnancy test, a friend whom Blakely now refers to as a coworker “because friends don’t rape you” sexually assaulted her in her own apartment. She stayed in the same clothes for three days. Raised in Eclectic, Alabama, by devout Christian parents who taught her to not look boys in the eyes a certain way or wear revealing clothing, she couldn’t tell her family. Then, she missed her period. “I googled a lot of dangerous things: tea from China that would induce labor, some sort of pills, natural remedies I looked up and considered,” she said. “There’s so many things I didn’t know as a young black woman in Alabama. We are given no information and there are so many barriers and obstacles to get an abortion, and I believe that is on purpose.” At the time, Blakely was 23, fresh out of college, saddled with student loan debt, and trying to budget for groceries. Raising a kid seemed impossible. Giving birth to the child of the man who raped her “was a death sentence.” After three frantic days, she learned there was one clinic close to her in Montgomery, but she had no idea she would have to find $600 to pay for the procedure up front, sit for hours in the crowded waiting room for her first appointment, undergo mandatory counseling, wait 48 hours, and then come back. “I had to call in sick from work, have an ultrasound, and follow all these rules,” Blakely said. “It was traumatic.” In 2017, five clinics performed abortions in Alabama, down from about 20 in the 1990s. There are now three strung across the state in a wide triangle and shouldering an increasingly heavy patient load as the South continues to solidify its position as one of the largest abortio