In 2000, I taught myself basic HTML coding so I could design a private chatroom to use with Tom, a fortysomething-year-old man who liked skiing and listened to the Fine Young Cannibals. I built us a room with a tiled background image of purple velvet curtains and a quiet Fiona Apple loop playing in the background, and gave him the URL so only he and I could access it. I told him I was in my late twenties, but I was 12. I spent a lot of my adolescence talking to older men on the internet. It started off as an activity at sleepovers. My girlfriends and I would flit through AOL chatrooms, meeting guys (A/S/L: 19/f/Florida; we thought Florida was an exotic place to be from). Our early games were about how far we could push our weirdness before the guy would get fed up and block us: “Do you have oranges in your house, baby? Would you make some OJ for me and feed it through the floppy disk drive? That would be so hot.” Over time, I began exploring on my own and talking one on one with guys, where things got more serious. I decided identifying myself as a teenager was not convincing (everyone on the internet said they were a teenager), so I said I was 27. And that was how I knew — or at least, I assumed — that these were not guys who were interested in me because I was underage. I worked hard at plausibility; I created fictional coworkers cobbled together from my teachers and classmates and did internet research and consulted my brother’s Dilbert books about what it would be like to work in an office. I complained about working in a cubicle instead of an office with a door, and they commiserated. In those days it was rare to have a webcam; you could believably say you didn’t have a photo of yourself online and had no way of putting one there. Writing all of this makes me feel as old as a desiccated bog mummy, but it’s important to mention because the internet used to be completely different. Back then, there were no search results for me, no social media profiles. It was e