In the second (and apparently final) season of Phoebe Waller-Bridge’s exceptional BBC series Fleabag, the titular character admits that she’s searching for surrender. After a comical but terribly bleak sequence of fuckups in season one, Fleabag finally has her shit together: She’s stopped using sex with men to fill the void in her heart, her business is surprisingly successful, and she’s patching up old wounds with her family. But she’s still managed to wander her way into what is, perhaps, her most significant fuckup of all, by falling for the world’s least available sort of man: a Catholic priest. The priest (a painfully charming Andrew Scott), who’s been recently ordained, breaks out whiskey in lieu of tea after mass and swears like a sailor, but has nonetheless fully placed his faith in an all-powerful God. He’s not necessarily a very good priest, but he is a priest. Fleabag insists she’s a die-hard atheist and has no interest in his promises of salvation — “Don’t make me an optimist; it’ll ruin my life” — but by Episode 4 he manages to con her into a confessional booth. By breaking the fourth wall, we’ve seen Fleabag put her life into context in quippy asides; but now, for the first time, we see her truly reveal herself, and her darkest fears, not to an anonymous audience but to a fellow human being. Through the screen of the confessional, breaking down in tears, she tells the priest everything: "I want someone to tell me what to wear in the morning. I want someone to tell me what to wear EVERY morning. I want someone to tell me what to eat. What to like, what to hate, what to rage about, what to listen to, what band to like, what to buy tickets for, what to joke about, what not to joke about. I want someone to tell me what to believe in, who to vote for, who to love and how to tell them.  "I just think I want someone to tell me how to live my life, Father, because so far I think I’ve been getting it wrong — and I know that’s why people want people like you in 