Small presses — those independent publishing houses that often put out writing that the largest publishers aren’t always interested in — still issue books that get national and industry attention. But with all the great books out there, it can be easy for readers to lose track. Here are 19 books by small presses that went big — or are on their way. White Dancing Elephants, Chaya Bhuvaneswar’s debut, made a splash when it came out at the end of 2018. Her stories juxtapose Hindu epics, other myths and histories, and the survival of sexual harassment and racialized sexual violence by diverse women of color. When Bhuvaneswar is at her best, her writing in these 17 stories is a cartography of loss, betrayal, and oftentimes a hard-won beauty that takes an unapologetically feminist approach to a world peopled with women characters who span the extremes of deep empathy and terrible behavior. Critical cred: Kirkus called Bhubaneswar’s stories “stunning” and “evocative” in a starred review; BuzzFeed Books named it one of the best books of fall 2018. If you’re on Writer Twitter, it’s hard to miss Gabino Iglesias, an author of two novels, a master hustler, and a vocal advocate for other writers. Broken River Books, who published his latest, Coyote Songs, barely has a website, but that hasn’t stopped this book — a hybrid horror/crime novel set in the American Southwest — from being noticed, including ranking in Amazon best-seller categories. Iglesias reviews for major outlets like NPR and is frank about what it takes for small-press authors to get their books into the hands of readers, and his tireless promotion has paid off. Critical cred: Booklist called this collection “gorgeously written, even when Iglesias is describing horrible things.” Fiction writer and memoirist Michelle Tea is well-known for writing about her own life. A prose writer, poet, and literary arts organizer, Tea explores queer culture, feminism, race, class, sex work, and other topics. Against Memoir is her 