When the writer Rachel Held Evans, who was my friend, died unexpectedly Saturday, all I could think was that we were so close to the time when she was alive that maybe we could bring her back. There is something about proximity to a particular death that makes the condition feel, possibly, reversible. The closer in time you are to a person's passing, the more it feels like time travel might — or at least should — be possible. The author Matthew Salesses, in a recent essay about his wife's death, wrote: "I held her lifeless hand and thought: Let me go back just one minute. I thought: Don’t leave me yet. ... Time was the only distance; life felt close by." If we could just go back in time an hour, I thought. Then two hours, then a day, or maybe a month, to the last time I saw Rachel, when she was vibrant and healthy and speaking to a crowd of hundreds of people about the lifelong process of reclaiming her faith in God. Bring her back, I kept thinking. Bring her back, we all prayed. But she wasn't coming back. Rachel, who was only 37, was many things: a New York Times best-selling author; a sought-after speaker; a mother and wife, a friend, daughter, and sister. Her second book, A Year of Biblical Womanhood, propelled her into the spotlight as a new and vital force in the larger Christian landscape. Rachel spent her high school years in Dayton, Tennessee, where the 1925 Scopes trial took place, ultimately punishing a local teacher for teaching evolution in his classroom. Dayton was the background for Rachel's first book, Evolving in Monkey Town (later republished as Faith Unraveled), in which she grappled with what would become a defining theme of her life and career: Could questioning God and the Bible actually draw a person closer to God, rather than moving them away? Could it be that challenging the status quo was an act of love? For those who are not so familiar with the culture of evangelical Christianity, it is hard to overstate the impact Rachel Held Evans had o