“How do you prepare for something you don't know is coming?" Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez asks in the opening scenes of the new, eminently watchable Netflix documentary Knock Down the House. Directed by Rachel Lears, whose previous film followed workers organizing at a New York bakery, the movie chronicles the stories of four women candidates challenging powerful congressional Democratic incumbents in the 2018 midterm elections. Ocasio-Cortez delivers that line as she thinks out loud about the tough election battle ahead against Joe Crowley, then the fourth-highest-ranking Democratic member of the House of Representatives. She’s putting her makeup on in the bathroom, in one of many such intimate moments captured by the film. The scene foreshadows what came after, as she — spoiler alert — became the only candidate followed by the documentary who ultimately beat her opponent. The entire world saw her live reaction to that victory, and her triumph — from her surprised face to the shoes she wore out through campaigning — became iconic, a symbolic reclamation of the possibilities of grassroots activism, and a slap in the face to the kind of establishment centrism represented by Crowley. Since then, Ocasio-Cortez has become one of the leaders of a new class of leftist Democrats, an obsessive object of Fox News ire, a Twitter clapback queen, and an international celebrity of pop star proportions. The Netflix documentary is already being marketed and making headlines for its most noteworthy aspect — the intimate glimpses we get of now-iconic AOC’s life before politics, and the flashes of the behind-the-scenes work that led up to her becoming a Time magazine cover subject. The film’s strength is the glimpses it offers into all of its subjects’ personal journeys. But it’s also limited by how neatly its telling of these stories hews to the same media narratives that emerged after it was filmed. Rather than providing any new insight into the races — such as why, say, Ocasio-Cortez 