If you can't see the sign-up box above, you can sign up here. In my experience, it is rare that I come across a book that grabs my attention and pulls me into its world while also making me feel like it is part of my own. Lot: Stories by Bryan Washington does all of the above with grace and grit. Lot is a collection of stories that take place in Houston, TX (Bryan’s hometown) and provides a provocative look into the lives of many people who experience devastating, humorous, and life-altering situations. With stories that range from a young man coming to terms with his sexuality, to the plight of an immigrant chauffeur and the drug dealer who employs him, to the kid who can’t let go of the woman he loves and goes to comical lengths to win her back, Lot never lets you forget there is life beyond your own four walls, and it invites you to be a part of the world Bryan has so expertly crafted. — Sharod Duncan Get it from Amazon for $16.51, Barnes & Noble for $22.50, or a local bookseller through Indiebound here. Kochai’s touching debut novel is a coming-of-age tale that takes the reader on a journey through war-torn contemporary Afghanistan. The story begins with 12-year-old Marwand, who is visiting his extended family in Logar from America. He is eager to make amends with the family guard dog, Budabash, who he tortured six years ago when he was last in Logar, back when his childish sense of morality and empathy had not yet been fully developed. Now, racked with regret, he attempts to apologize to Budabash for his previous behavior when the dog bites a piece of Marwand’s finger off and runs away. Marwand and his cousins immediately set off to look for Budabash, and they run into a series of adventures, dangers, and mythical characters, including thieves and solders, along the way. 99 Nights in Logar is a multilayered novel that is structured with memories and Afghan fables seamlessly weaved into the main narrative. The result reads like a tale that is told by a gifted st