"It's about a magical circus in the 1800s that mysteriously pops up in towns at night. The circus is actually a stage for two rival magicians' protégés to battle each other. The way Morgenstern writes is so magical. She really describes the mystery and beauty of the circus in a way that I've never read before. It's like you're really there in the midst of the magic, like a movie but even better because it's inside your head. I was in a daze for weeks afterward, just searching for something similarly written. I have no words to describe how amazing it is and how much I loved it. I just really recommend it to anyone who hasn't read it yet." —Rebecca Keller "The Doll People series by Ann M. Martin was incredibly whimsical to me when I was younger. There's nothing more playful than dolls and their secret lives!" —Natasha Alvarez "It's a crazy story [about an ancient witch coven warring with a San Francisco tech startup to save the world]. I love it because of how fun it is, the slow love story, and the excellent writing." —Susana Gonzalez "I love it because it reads like a whimsical dream and it’s about everyone falling asleep. The plot sounds like it could happen tomorrow, or it's something that had really happened — just ever so slightly off from the actual world we live in. I love how the characters develop in the novel as well." —Courtney Rogin "Some might not see these books as whimsical, but I did. It takes place in the South and discusses the mysterious things that happen with some Southern belles — including the fact that they do not age. Definitely give these a read!!" —Natasha Simmons "For me, whimsy isn't just in subject matter but also the form the author takes to tell the story, how we meet the narrator, and how they interact with other characters. For instance, I love a diary or journal, which is the form of one of my all-time favorite books: I Capture the Castle by Dodie Smith. The protagonist and narrator, Cassandra Mortmain, is 17 when we first meet her