I've covered politics and Washington, DC, for 15 years for MSNBC, ABC News, and as Chief White House Correspondent for CNN. These days, I’m breaking down the big stories in politics every day on Instagram. In my new novel, Savage News, the main character Natalie Savage is a driven young reporter who wants to cover the White House and is struggling to learn the ways of Washington and cable news. This list of books might have helped her — each offers insight into how DC works, from K Street (insider lingo for lobbyists) to the White House and Congress (VIP society). They also dive into intersections of race, gender, and power politics in our nation’s capital. Here are my top ten books — fiction and nonfiction — to read if you want to understand Washington, DC. This is a laugh-out-loud satire about a low-integrity tobacco lobbyist who spins for cigarettes and a fat paycheck. He gleefully refers to his friends — lobbyists for firearms and alcohol — as the merchants of death. In the end, he sees the light. The book is dark and cynical and doesn’t even attempt to show that Washington is also filled with idealistic, mission driven people. Still, it’s an incisive and delicious book. I re-read it many times while writing Savage News. Get it from Amazon for $12.99, Barnes & Noble for $16, or find it at Indiebound or your local library. This searing portrait of Lt Col John Paul Vann and the tragedy of the Vietnam war is a work of exquisite reporting and reads like a novel. Vann knew the war was doomed to fail and railed against an establishment that wouldn’t hear reason. It’s a striking story of one individual battling groupthink. Get it from Amazon for $16.47, Barnes & Noble for $21, or find it at Indiebound or your local library. This is Joan Didion on the Clinton era. Her essay collection takes a scalpel to what she calls the “permanent professional political class." You might not agree with her analysis of the politics of her time, but her razor sharp critique of the media